Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From :                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
         Sent:                     Monday, October 08, 2007 8:51 AM
         To:                       info@akwildlife.com
         Subject:                  RE: Fish_and_Game


         Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
         information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
         unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
         being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
         need, suggestion, or comment.




         -----Original Message-----

         From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMail@gov.state. ak.us]

         Sent: Saturday, October 06, 2007 7:00 AM

         To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

         Subject: Fish-and-Game



         Web mail from: Mr. Leo Keeler

         address: P.O. Box 190647 Anchorage AK 99519




         MESSAGE:

         Dear Governor Palin, rnrnl am sure you have heard about and hopefully seen the disgraceful
         hunting practices within Katmai National Park and Preserve. In case you have not seen it,
         the video is at http://www.nationalparkstraveler.com/podcast/2007/bear-hunt-katmai-
         national-preserve-sporting-or-ethicalrnrnl spent over 10 years as President of Friends of
         McNeil River (FOMR).  I tried to get the State of Alaska, especially the Board of Game, to
         recognize that the bears that visit McNeil River are much more valuable for wildlife
         viewing rather than hunting.   During all those years, hunters, especially Alaska Outdoor
         Council representatives and their lobbyists, said when the bears leave the area, they
         regain their fear of humans and all bear hunting in the area is &quot;fair chase &quot;.
         This video proves they were only trying to retain full control of wildlife issues and
         ignore wildlife viewer' s desires and values.  rnrnYou should expect radical hunters to
         continue to say this is fair ch

        ase because the animals are free roaming and ATV's are not used to chase them down. Just
        being free roaming is not a good definition of Fair Chase. They will say they are
        "sharing" wildlife, but they can not say they respect the values and needs of non-hunters.
        If there was a need to reduce bear numbers, this type harvest might be acceptable.
        However, since this is a trophy hunt, with meat left in the field, this hunt truly
        displays the control hunting lobbyists have in Alaska, and the losses all other Alaskans
        are suffering.rnrrBear viewing at McNeil River has declined to an all time low, partially
        because hunting in nearby areas has increased to 10 times the historic average. During
        the Paint River Fish Ladder controversy in the early 90's, an agreement was reached that
        if bear numbers declined, ADF&amp;G would find the cause and take action. Reducing
        hunting pressure is one of the things that could help stop the decline of bears at McNeil
        River and maintain the "McNeil Experi
                                                               1




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0006344
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         ence".    However , no action has been taken!

          because the ADF&amp;G always fights any attempt to limit hunting , and they continue to
         ignore requests for them to support wildlife viewer's needs and values .     Only when the
         State , hopefully you, stand up and call for emphasis being placed on wildlife viewing in
         areas such as Katmai and McNeil River , will anyone be able to say wildlife is managed for
         everyone ' s needs and values . rnrnThe National Park Service does not take action because
         they fear cries of the Federal Government interfering with State rights. Politics in
         Washington D.C. will prevent them from asking the State to stop this hunt . rnrnThere is a
         law suit currently in progress that attempts to force the State to recognize that wildlife
         management under the current Board of Game process violates Alaska's Constitution. That
         law suit will not be resolved for a long time . I hope that as you see how this video is
         impacting Alaska, that you, the Governor , stop this hunt .    If you do act to stop this
         hunt, you may finally be seen

          as acting in the best interest of all Alaskans, not just the few who want an easy way to
         hang a trophy on their wall.rnrnSincerely,rnrnLeo Keelerrnakwildlife.com



         info@akwildlife.com




                                                         2




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01 _0006345
