Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From :                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
          Sent:                     Monday, October 08, 2007 8:25 AM
          To:                       Adalhide@hotmaii.com
          Subject:                  RE: Military_and Veterans_Affairs


         Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
         information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
         unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
         being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
         need, suggestion, or comment.




          -----Original Message-----

         From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

         Sent: Sunday, October 07, 2007 12:18 PM

         To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

         Subject: Military-and-Veterans-Affairs



         Web mail from: Ms. Heidi Spillman

         address: 2730 Easthaven Circle Anchorage AK 99508




         MESSAGE:

         Dear Governor Palin,rnrn    I am a wife of one of the soldiers that will be returning home
         soon . Those soldiers have been deployed for 15 months and have been very dedicated and
         devoted to our state and the Alaska National Guard. My husband is one of the soldiers in
         the advanced party in Camp Shelby, MS. They have now completed all of their de-mob and are
         just waiting on one thing. And that is, their date to come home. The soldiers are sitting
         around doing nothing instead of being with their families. They were told that they have
         to stay down there to be in a formation that can be done in Alaska. I do not understand
         why this welcome home formation has to be done in Camp Shelby, when it can be done in
         their home state and then the families can be involved as well. Haven't we waited long
         enough for our husbands, fathers, and sons to come home and now we have to just wait for
         them to come home in two weeks when they can be home today? These soldiers and their
         family deserve to have a pro

        per welcome home in Alaska. I would like to know why waist our tax payers money to just
        let our soldiers sit there. I'm sure the soldiers would love for their families to be with
        them over the dignitaries. If you respond back to this, please help me understand why I
        can't have my husband in my arms today rather than two weeks from now and why it is so
        important to have a welcome home formation for the ALASKA Army National Guard in Camp
        Shelby, Mississippi? I would appreciate your support for our troops and their families.



        Adalhide@hotmail.com


                                                                1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0006359
