Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                Page 1 of I



              Unknown

              From :    John Katz [jwkatz @ALASKADC.org]
              Sent:     Monday , October 08 , 2007 11:39 AM
              To:       Governor Sarah Palin
              Cc:       Joseph Balash ; Michael Tibbles ; Mike Nizich
              Subject: Chuck Hamel/The Latest

             I have refrained from sending you most of Chuck's communications on the theory
             that they are best addressed by the regulators in charge.

             However, I know of your continuing interest in investigating Chuck's concerns, and
             the attached email from him is a good summary of his current claims and
             allegations. So, I thought that you might want to see it.

             As you will note, Chuck questions the adequacy of ongoing investigations and points
             to the lack of leadership and coordination among government regulators. In my
             opinion, DNR, particularly Jonne Slemons, is doing a great job of responding to him,
             but he would probably disagree with this conclusion.


            Please note that my email address has changed . My new email address is
            jwkatz@alaskadc .o g. Thank you.


            >>> On 10/8/2007 at 1:58 PM, in message <d6a.e84b9d2.343bc9ba@cs.com>,
            <HamelChuck@cs.com> wrote:
                Fire Marshalls ' reports have been discussed in media.
                I appreciate you offer to forward this morning the
                F Marshalls' reports that were provided to the media.
                ADNews and KTUU quoting F Marshalls has brought out of the
                woodwork by emails to me, knowledgeable 'experts' of the
                'failed' fire suppression system . I have advised them to lay low
                cause I don 't have any idea of who in the Palin Adminisration
                can provide them protection. Who to trust?
                After two months since our alert, the Regulators have yet to
                recognize the system 'failure' - either deliberate in complicity
                with BP - confused , or whatever.

                Hope you or John Katz can help us understand ... between PSIO,
                the Marshalls, OSHA, DNR, and ADEC who is the Governor's
                top person over her Regulators (where does the buck stop) or is
                the oversight established just as individual agency efforts (and just
                a muddle)?
                 I am concerned that Governor Palin will be publicly embarrassed
                soon.
                (don't believe any of the Regulators realize the seriousnes of the
                'deferred maintenance' caused accident 'failure' and 'cover-up'.
                Dragging on the'cover up' does not benefit Governor Palin.

                Chuck




            8/31/2009
                                                                                                                PRA_GSP01_0006366
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


             Lieutenant Governor's Report - October 8, 2007                                                         Page 1 of 5


             Unknown

              From :     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.gov]
              Sent:      Tuesday, October 09, 2007 10:59 AM
             To:         Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
             Subject: FW: Lieutenant Governor's Report - October 8, 2007.htm



             From : Lieutenant Governor Sean Parnell (GOV sponsored) [mailto:lt.governor@alaska.gov]
             Sent: Monday, October 08, 2007 4:47 PM
             To: lt_govemor@list.state.ak.us
             Subject: Lieutenant Governor's Report - October 8, 2007.htm

                   LXi Lieutenant Governor Sean Parnell logo




                                                  Lieutenant Governor ' s Report
                                                  by Lieutenant Governor Sean Parnell
                                                            October 8, 2007
                    Welcome!

                    Welcome to the latest edition of your Lieutenant Governor's Report. I spent much of
                    the last few weeks visiting communities in the Mat-Su Valley, Copper River Valley
                    and Prince William Sound, the Yukon-Kuskokwim Delta and Western Alaska. In
                    this report, I'll update you on the victories and concerns of Alaskans across the state,
                    particularly in our schools. Read on!

                    Spotlight on Alaska 's Schools

                   Sutton Elementary School /Mat-Su Valley

                   Senator Gene Therriault, my Chief of Staff (COS) Jay Pullins, and I visited several
                   schools in the Mat-Su Valley, including Sutton Elementary School, where we were
                   given a tour by Principal Katherine Fennell. The school recently received funds for
                   new playground equipment from this year's capital budget, and the Sutton
                   Elementary students look forward to enjoying their new school yard.

                   Principal Fennell also expressed concerns over how the performance incentive
                   payments for school staff may be applied inequitably.

                   Glacier View School/Mat-Su Valley

                   We also stopped at Glacier View School, which serves 45 students grades K-12.


            11/10/2009

                                                                                                                  PRA_GSP01_0006367
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


             Lieutenant Governor's Report - October 8, 2007                                                       Page 2 of 5


                      After eating lunch with the kindergarten through third grades, Senator Therriault,
                      COS Pullins, and I were given a tour of the school by Principal Wendy Taylor. We
                      also had the opportunity to speak with teachers and a group of high school students,
                      who expressed a need for more wood-working equipment, and spoke highly of
                      Principal Taylor.

                      Glennallen Elementary School

                      In Glennallen we toured the construction of the new elementary school with
                      Principal Michael Johnson and members of the school board. We also walked
                      through the gym in the old school where I wrestled as a high school student - and
                      where my Glennallen opponent prevailed.

                      Copper Center School

                      As our trip progressed we moved deeper into the Interior and visited Copper Center
                      School. Copper Center School is a small , high achieving school of about 45
                      kindergarten through sixth grade students. We met with Principal Byron Rice and his
                      dedicated teachers and staff.

                      We learned that, even though Copper Center has some difficult social issues, the
                      school appears to be a real light of hope for the children and parents they serve. I
                      commend Copper Center School's team of teachers and administrators for each
                      person's willingness to selflessly give to these children.

                      Galena

                      I visited the Interior-Alaska village of Galena and spent the morning visiting the
                      school, medical clinic, city utilities, the city police, and speaking with staff from the
                      Office of Children's Services. That afternoon I was given an in-depth tour of another
                      school, the Galena Interior Learning Academy, or GILA.

                     I was very impressed with GILA's campus and enjoyed sharing in the ribbon-cutting
                     ceremony with Elder Sidney Huntington to open GILA's new Ptarmigan Dorm. I was
                     greatly encouraged by the strong sense of community in Galena, and I applaud their
                     investment in their young people, as shown by both Sidney Huntington School and
                     GILA. As a community, Galena is taking great strides to strengthen not only the
                     future of their village, but the future of Alaska.

                     Hooper Bay

                     I recently visited the village of Hooper Bay, and I applaud the community for its
                     recovery and "can do" attitude following a devastating fire just over a year ago. The
                     fire, which wiped out the school and homes in an area where between 60 to 80
                     village residents lived, did not destroy the hopes or futures of the residents who live
                     there. I found promising signs of recovery and community - from a fully functioning
                     new school, to a new water treatment plant, to construction of a number of new
                     homes for those whose homes were destroyed in the fire.

                     Besides the courageous people of Hooper Bay, I especially want to recognize


            11/10/2009

                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0006368
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


             Lieutenant Governor's Report - October 8 , 2007                                                      Page 3 of 5


                       Samaritan's Purse for stepping in and providing volunteer labor and materials last fall
                       to replace homes; for working this summer to build a new teen center among other
                       structures; and for teaching students of the Hooper Bay School worthwhile job skills,
                       like carpentry, which went toward high school credit - as the high school students
                       worked side by side with Samaritan's Purse volunteers to rebuild village structures
                       lost to fire.

                      Although we have a long way to go in Hooper Bay to bring safe water and sewer
                      services to the people and to provide safe, adequate landfill services, the volunteers
                      who willingly gave of their time and incorporated village residents and students into
                      the work may have provided a useful model for how to accelerate such projects in
                      the future - providing hope and opportunity along the way.

                      Chevak

                      I visited the village of Chevak with Commissioner Larry Hartig and Bill Griffith of
                      the Department of Environmental Conservation recently.

                      We visited with the mayor, council members, and education leaders who provided a
                      first-hand view of water and sewer facilities, school facilities, erosion issues, and the
                      need for road work. I particularly enjoyed my visit to Chevak School, where I ate
                      lunch with a group of students and learned about their love of sports and their
                      upcoming state cross-country meet in Palmer.

                      Every day positive things are occuring in Alaska's schools, and credit is due to the
                      educators, staff, and parents - they are the true heroes. They daily shape the lives of
                      Alaska's next generation and I am grateful for what they do.

                      Domestic Violence Awareness Month

                      On the first of the month, Governor Palin declared October to be Domestic Violence
                      Awareness Month in a ceremony held at Loussac Library. Please click here to read
                      her proclamation.

                      A few days later, both the governor and I had the opportunity to speak to the
                      Anchorage Woman's Club on the topic of domestic violence, and together we
                      addressed the responsibility of both the state and local communities to overcome
                      domestic violence in Alaska.

                      Alaska ranks too high when it comes to many negative statistics, including domestic
                      violence, sexual assault, and suicide. We must wipe out this cancer that is killing
                      Alaska's marriages, families, and communities. The only way to accomplish this is
                      for our neighbors, friends, families, and fellow survivors to speak out and set the
                      standard that domestic violence is not acceptable in our homes or communities.
                      Together, we can make a difference and end domestic violence in Alaska.

                      Anchorage Community Spotlight : Arctic Paws

                      I had the opportunity in September to tour the Anchorage production facility of Brett



             11/10/2009

                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0006369
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


             Lieutenant Governor's Report - October 8 , 2007                                                  Page 4 of 5


                       Gibson's "Arctic Paws," an authentic Alaskan business famous for producing
                       "Yummy Chummies." Brett provided a very educational tour, showing me the ins
                       and outs of the production process: using quality, fresh ingredients and processing
                       and packaging it right here in the state, Arctic Paws is an Alaskan success story -
                       using Alaskan products and labor, and strengthening the Alaskan economy. Brett
                       also shared with me his concerns regarding a proposed municipal Gross Receipts
                       Tax (GRT) and the negative effects it could have on his business. I appreciated
                       Brett's time and his willingness to share concerns and ideas. The Palin/Parnell
                       Administration remains committed to creating an environment of opportunity for
                       Alaskan business owners.


                       Photos From Around Our State

                       1. "Knik River," by Brian Phillips.

                       2. "Waylon Woodall in Peters Creek." by Brian Phillips.

                       3. "EnioyingGod's Creation," by Brian Phillips.

                       4."Halibut Cove Otter." Lisa Torkelson submitted this photo of an otter at Halibut
                       Cove, saying, "He practically posed for me!"

                       The next four pictures were submitted by LaVonne Geffe and highlight the wild
                       beauty our state possesses - and the reason that so many have been drawn to Alaska.

                       5. "Pioneer Peak from Hatcher's Pass," by LaVonne Geffe.

                       6. "Swan Lake," by LaVonne Geffe.

                       7. "Autumnal Landscape." by LaVonne Geffe.

                       8. "Alaskan Sunset," by LaVonne Geffe.

                       In Closing...

                      I would like to thank you for taking the time to read this report. Our readers report
                      how much they enjoy the pictures that have been submitted in past reports, so please
                      remember to send in your pictures and community spotlights to Kate Morgan. If you
                      are not yet a subscriber to this report but would like to be, please click here. On
                      occasion, events occur that warrant a special announcement or press release. If you
                      would like to be added to our media list, please click here. Thank you for your time,
                      Alaska, and I look forward to updating you next month!




                      You are receiving this email because this email address is subscribed to our email list.
                                   Having trouble reading this email? View it on our website.
                                               Unsubscribe from this newsletter.


             11/10/2009

                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0006370
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


              Lieutenant Governor's Report - October 8, 2007                                               Page 5 of 5


                          550 W 7th Ave, Suite 1700, Anchorage, AK 99501 907.269.7460 269.0263 fax
                              State Capitol, Third Floor, Juneau, Alaska 907.465.3520 465.5400 fax




             11/10/2009

                                                                                                         PRA GSP01_0006371
