Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From :                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
         Sent:                     Tuesday, October 09, 2007 10:44 AM
         To.                       'kaynoble@starband.net
         Subject:                  RE: Education


         Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
         information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
         unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
         being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
         need, suggestion, or comment.




         -----Original Message-----

        From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

        Sent: Tuesday, October 09, 2007 9:53 AM

        To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

        Subject: Education



        Web mail from: Ms. Kay Noble

        address: HC 33 BOX 30600 Nenana AK 99760

         907.322.5582



        MESSAGE:

        Dear Sarah,rnFirst let me tell you that I am so proud of you and the job that you are
        doing for us. Thank you. rnMy son Ben who is everything to me was having trouble
        understanding some of the concepts in his algebra class, after discussing what we should
        do about it we decided to call the teacher and ask her if she could tutor him a bit to get
        him back on track as I do not understand algebra myself and am unable to help him in this
        subject. I was told kindly that she was so overloaded that she simply didnt have the time.
        rn Our math teacher, who is so dedicated to her students that she comes in 1 hour before
        school to help advanced students is doing all she can. We need another math teacher. Our
        principal Joe Kraus is in the class many days helping to the best of his ability. Joe
        informs me that Nenana took a 1.4 million cut to meet their budget this year. After doing
        a little research on what schools are getting, I found that Nenana which receives only
        $1200-$1500 a student. Compa

       red to Mt. Edgecomb's 1800. Not to mention Galena's School District which is actually
       expanding. So my question is why isn't Nenana getting more money? We pay almost $7.00 a
       gallon for milk here, and gas is 3.50 a gallon, why is it that here where things are so
       expensive we get so little for our children. I am not on the school board but rather just
       a conserned mother worried about the education that her son is receiving. This is Ben's JR
       year. It is very important that he has a sound understanding of algebra. Ben wants to
       become a teacher and teach at the Nenana School. College is only 2 years away and he will
       be required to take algebra classes in college, which I can only pray at this time that he
       will be ready for. Time is of the essence here. My choices are nill. What can you do to
       help me, my son and the students of Nenana Schools, which include children from all over
       Alaska as we have a boarding school here.rni hope you can take some time to address this
       Sarah, as I am feeling
                                                              1




                                                                                                         PRA GSP01 0006373
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           very sad about the whole situation.rnWarm!

            Regards, rnKay NoblernNenana, AK



           kaynoble@starband.net

           PLEASE ADD TO E-NEWS




                                                        2
