Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From :                    Tibbles, Michael A (GOV) [mike. tibbles@alaska.gov]
         Sent:                     Tuesday, October 09, 2007 7:50 AM
         To:                       Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored)
         Subject:                  RE: Empire editorial


         I do not have anything more to add to what Katz' sent. The quick answer is that John made
         contact with the delegation and I assigned myself the job of contacting local legislators.
         We both worked quickly to cover our assignments once the release was approved but even on
         my end Kyle did not call me back until the afternoon. I never planned on talking to the
         delegation and I know John would have recomended against it anyway.



         Mike




         -----Original Message-----

         From: "Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)" <govpalin@alaska.gov>

         To: "Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>

         Sent: 10/9/2007 4:30 AM

         Subject: Fw: Empire editorial



        Heard from larry and katz - they reiterate that they didnt tell D.C. until minutes
        afterwards - but still haven't heard from you or anyone else whom I thought had notified
        delegation staff.  ?



        ----- Original Message -----

        From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

        To: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Leschper, Beth (GOV)

        Cc: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV); Ruaro, Randall P (GOV); Kelly, Russell T (GOV); Persily,
        Larry A (GOV); Katz, John W (GOV)

        Sent: Mon Oct 08 07:07:59 2007

        Subject: Empire editorial



        Wow- i must have missed the fairbanks editorial that ran today in Juneau. Mike- if, as
        i've been told, the delgation and staff WAS informed of bridge cancellation, yet editorial
        claims otherwise to mislead the public, then please send a correction today to both
        newspapers. Had anyone caught that previously? Pls send the clairification asap. Thanks




                                                                1




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0006381
