Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From:                     gov.sarah@yahoo.com
          Sent:                     Tuesday, October 09, 2007 4:13 PM
          To:                       PARNELL; S (GOV sponsored)
          Subject:                  Fw: Dillon response




          Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



          -----Original Message-----

         From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com



         Date: Wed, 10 Oct 2007 00:04:11

         To:"Sharon Leighow" <sharon.leighow@alaska.gov>

         Subject: Re: Dillon response




         I think this is sick, really.



         I'm going to send it to Meg if you haven't already done so.



         who is this reporter, anyway? i know he's from Fairbanks, but what's his beef with us -
         and disparaging comments about Meg are unacceptable.

         Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



         -----Original Message-----

         From: "Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)" <sharon.leighow@alaska.gov>



         Date : The, 09 Oct 2007 12:33:55

         To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

         Subject: Dillon response




         Governor-

         I called.Dillon on this. I wanted him to be clear that Meghan had a very difficult
         pregnancy and has nothing but the deepest respect for you and your administration. He
                                                                1




                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0006386
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         appreciated the call.   He did tell me that he knew Todd had called Speaker Harris to
         complain about Bitney .  I'm sure it was Bitney who called Dillon - thus the land mine
         comment.




         Alaskan Abroad

         The ever-shrinking inner circle

         New mom Meghan Stapleton is leaving the Palin administration to spend more time with her
         growing family . Her departure reduces Palin ' s inner circle to, well basically one plus her
         husband Todd.



         Palin ' s closest advisers since the campaign have been Meghan , Mike Tibbles and John
         Bitney . Not even a year into the term and only Tibbles remains. Todd Palin has great
         influence over decisions coming from the Third Floor as well , but no one expects him to go
         anywhere.



         There's some interesting speculation over Meghan ' s departure . Was it on good terms? These
         types of splits are always described as friendly , but seldom are. Bitney ' s exit was made
         at bayonet - point and he's now for the administration a political land mine waiting to go
         off. Meghan could be even more so in the future . It's no secret that she has political
         aspirations of her own . But let ' s give her the benefit of the doubt . Being a new mom is
         hard work and the position of lead flak for the governor would be stressful for anyone.



         Maybe Meghan will reappear on the political scene, maybe not . Until then we'll be watching
         what Andrew Halcro says about her.



         Palin's new press person is Beth Leschper . Beth ' s husband , Lee, is the advertising
         director for the Juneau Empire . They moved to the state in 2005, so Beth has a bit of
         catch up to do on Alaska issues . Welcome to the show.




         Belated praise for Leighow

        In my previous post about Meghan Stapleton ' s exit from Planet Palin , I forgot to mention
        the good job Sharon Leighow is doing as assistant press secretary . Sharon got thrown into
        the deep end when Meghan went on maternity leave and has had to juggle a heavy load of
        Alaskan and Outside press requests . I harass Sharon on a weekly basis and she always does
        her best to meet my early East Coast deadline. I much appreciate a spokesperson who
        responds in a timely manner even to potentially hostile questions . Thanks.




        http :// alaskanabroad . typepad . com/an alaskan_abroad/ 2007 / l0/belated - praise-.html


                                                           2




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01 -0006387
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Sharon Leighow

           Deputy Press Secretary

           Deputy Communications Director



            (907)   269 - 7450 Anchorage

            (907)   465-4031 Juneau

            (907)   240-4973 cell




                                                        3
