Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From:                     gov.sarah@yahoo.com
          Sent:                     Tuesday, October 09, 2007 4:30 PM
          To:                       Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
          Cc:                       Mason; Janice L (GOV); Ruaro; Randall P (GOV)
          Subject:                  Re: Mayor Williams of Ketchikan


          However it works. I'll certainly cont to try to get there!

          Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular one



          -----Original Message-----

          From: "Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>



         Date: Tue, 09 Oct 2007 13:21:54

         To:Sarah Palin <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

         Cc:"Mason, Janice L (GOV)" <janice.mason@alaska.gov>,"Ruaro, Randall P (GOV)"
         <randall.ruaro@alaska.gov>

         Subject: Mayor Williams of Ketchikan




         Governor,




         I spoke with mayor Williams of Ketchikan today and he was requesting an update on when you
         would be able to visit Ketchikan. I reiterated twice that we offered to have him come to
         Juneau for a meeting in the short-term and look at scheduling a Ketchikan trip at a later
         date.  In my first conversation with the Mayor he requested a meeting in either location.
         I pointed out the schedule is very busy and with the special session coming up, it would
         be difficult to get to his community prior to the end of the special session. He was
         polite but there is always a possibility he will try to use our comments to stir things
         up.




        We talked to DOT today about proceeding with the amending the EIS and record of decision
        regarding a new proposed alternative.  DOT is working with fed highways now and we should
        be able to establish a date for DOT staff to visit Ketchikan, discuss the alternatives and
        take comments from the public.



        Mike




                                                                1




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0006385
