Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From :                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.gov]
          Sent:                     Tuesday, October 09, 2007 9:07 AM
          To:                       ceecampbell@gmail.com
          Subject:                  RE: Other


          Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
          information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
          unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
          being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
          need, suggestion, or comment.




          -----Original Message-----

          From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us)

          Sent: Tuesday, October 09, 2007 3:31 AM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

          Subject: Other



         Web mail from: cee campbell

         address: 3601 arctic blvd #210 anchorage AK 99504




         MESSAGE:

         Dear Governor Palin,rnrnI am writing to you with a great sense of urgency regarding a
         matter that is a great injustice to the Alaskan people and the great state of
         Alaska.rnrnYour new administration is being taken advantage of by General Campbell, he is
         using you and your administration for his personal gain and to save face as the result of
         a poor idea. He is taking advantage of the fact that he was allowed to retain his
         position from the previous administration and he is playing heavily on the fact you
         probably do not have a lot of military experience nor are very familiar with the workings
         of the Guard and military.rnrnThe proposal to get rid of the 8 C-130 Hercules aircraft
         that belong to you and the people of the state of Alaska borders on criminal. rnrnThe
         recent BRAC (Base Realignment and Closure) Committee saw the value of keeping these 8
         aircraft in the state of Alaska and realized the value of the mission they perform and
         determined that the number of aircraft should be in

         creased to 12.rnrnGeneral Campbell has an idea to create a new Air National Guard C-17
         associate -squadron to the Air Force Active duty C-17 squadron. The Alaska Air National
         Guard associate squadron will not have any aircraft, only personnel. Apparently he
         decided this all on his own. rnrnGiven the current state of affairs of this great
         country, battling the war against terrorism on several fronts, military funds are very
         limited with most being used to fight the war on terrorism. General Campbell led everyone
         to believe the State of Alaska could support this new C-17 associate squadron and that the
         government to include Guard Bureau would fund this. He assured the members of the Alaska
         Air National Guard that none of the current flying squadrons would be shut down and they
         would not have to give up anything (apparently a lie). Things have not come to fruition
         as planned - Guard Bureau does not have the funds or resources to support this new
         associate squadron therefore they are
                                                      1




                                                                                                           PRA GSPO1_0006378
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           operating on a temporary basis and have !

          not achieved squadron status or funding , the only way they can operate is as a Detachment,
          and he has now been given the ultimatum that if he want this new associate squadron he
          will have to shut down one of the other squadrons or give up his C - 17 associate squadron
          that is still in its infancy .    Apparently he has decided that in order to save face that
          he would shut down the Alaska Air National Guard 144th Airlift squadron and get rid of
          your and the State of Alaska ' s 8 C-130 aircraft . This decision that he is making for
          personal reasons is a great injustice to the State of Alaska and it ' s people . In these
          difficult times of cut backs and base closures he is wanting to take a gift (the
          additional 4 C-130 aircraft ) and your current 8 C-130 aircraft and throw it back in the
          face of the BRAC committee and tell them not only do we not want the additional aircraft
          but we want to give up the 8 we have for absolutely nothing in return .   There are no other
          aircraft out there to get; there

           is no trading to be done . The BRAC committee has given us the best deal we could hope
          for.  Other states are loosing their aircraft ( they are being taken from them ) almost
          every other unit is being cut back .  Except the Alaska Air National Guard - the BRAC
          committee has given you an additional 4 C-130 aircraft , but General Campbell has decided
          he doesn't want them . The BRAC decision is law , apparently General Campbell is currently
          trying to make several behind the scenes "deals " to try and get around the BRAC law. He
          is trying to circumvent this law by saying it doesn't apply to him and he doesn ' t have to
          abide by it . Given the current publicity surrounding Senator Stevens do we really want
          someone representing Alaska conducting that type of business and drawing that kind of
          negative attention to our great State simply to save face for an idea he had that didn't
          turn out . He is trying to save face and further his career at the expense of all
          Alaskans . The Alaska Air National Gu

          and used to be in very good standing with!

          Guard Bureau , now it appears that because of all the attempts to "cut deals " and trying
         to find ways around the laws . Guard Bureau is all but fed up with us and he has destroyed
         our good relationship with them . rnrnThe state will no longer have 8 C - 130 aircraft at its
         disposal to use in the case of emergencies. Given the diverse nature of this great state,
         it's size and limited road and rail access, there have been several instances where these
         C-130 aircraft have been the lifeline to our remote villages and have saved countless
         lives by delivering supplies and equipment to Alaskans in need .    This is truly Alaskans
         helping Alaskans .  rnrnThe illusion that the C - 17 will be able to perform this same
         mission is a total fabrication.    A salesman trying to make a sale .  The C-17 will not be
         able to deliver the volume of supplies and equipment to any but the largest towns. On
         paper it may be able to land and take off at some of the smaller villages, but the
         aircraft will have to be lighten

         ed, have minimum fuel , and not be able to deliver any substantial quantity of equipment
         because the aircraft alone is to big and too heavy.    If you think the previous governors
         jet purchase was unnecessary this proposal is totally ridiculous .     ( By the way , thank you
         for getting rid of that jet - good job l) rnrnYou currently have 8 C - 130 aircraft at your
         disposal that you own , and can be used at a moments notice if an emergency arises. If
         General Campbell is allowed to give these aircraft away the people of Alaska will pay the
         price .  Even though you may be led to believe that the Active duty is going to allow you
         to use their C-17 aircraft as the need arises , I do not believe that to be the case.rnrnl
         am willing to bet if you ask any other governor from any state with C-130 aircraft if they
         think this proposal of General Campbell ' s to give away your aircraft , is a good idea the
         answer will be a resounding NO! (Unless they will be the ones getting your
         aircraft ). rnrnGeneral Campbell ca

         n try to convince you that this is good f!

         or the Alaska Air National Guard by giving you several alternatives to replacing these 8
         aircraft, none of which hold water, again all it is is a sales pitch by someone trying to
         save face for a bad idea. Another reason this additional squadron is not a very good idea
         is that Alaska does not have the population base to support another squadron. rnrnYou are
         being persuaded to give up everything for nothing in return. This is a very bad deal for
         the State of Alaska and its people.rnrnYou have done such a fantastic job with the
         pipeline and ethics issues , I hope you can see through this absurd proposal and see it for

                                                        2




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01 _0006379
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          the snow job it is :   Un-ethical , bad for Alaska , and simply one persons attempt to further
          his own agenda . rnrnThe proposal to give away your 8 C - 130 aircraft needs to be stopped
          immediately ; once they are gone you will not get them back .    The damage will be done and
          the people in Alaska , especially the rural areas will suffer the most .    I believe this
          proposal ( the start

          up of the C - 17 associate squadron at the cost of your 8 C - 130 aircraft ) at this particular
          time to be totally politically motivated by an individual with political aspirations with
          total disregard to the welfare of the people of the state of Alaska and the current
          mission of the Alaska Air National Guard .   Currently the start up of the C - 17 associate
          squadron it too ambitious and is at too great a cost to the Alaskan people .     In a few
          years when the dust from the BRAC decision settles the start up of this new squadron may
          have more merit . rnrnThank you for your timernSincerely , rnOne of your constituents and a
          very concerned Alaskan . rnl submit this with great personal risk and a great risk of
          retaliation to the current Alaska Air National Guard flying squadrons. I sincerely wish
          there were some sort of whistle blower protection in place as there is for other agencies.



          ceecampbell@gmail.com




                                                         3




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0006380
