Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From:                     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
          Sent:                     Tuesday, October 09, 2007 11:12 AM
          To:                       hutlanee@yahoo.com
          Subject:                  RE: Fish-and-Game


          Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin .  The concerns , opinions, and/or
          information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor .   Although she is
          unable to respond to each and every email herself , your message has been received and is
          being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
          need , suggestion , or comment.




          -----Original Message-----

          From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMailagov.state.ak.us]

         Sent: Tuesday, October 09, 2007 11:23 AM

         To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

         Subject: Fish-and-Game



         Web mail from : Mr. hugh mcpeck

         address :   8900 basher anchorage AK 99507

          9073380719



         MESSAGE:

         Gov. Palin , You almost made a Republican out of this life long Independent but your
         disregard for our natural resosurces , wildlife and the will of the people is very
         disturbingg . Aerial wolfhunts are such a poor excuse for game management and allowing
         hunters near Katmai is beyond the understanding of a life long hunter , a believer in fair
         chase and a man who treasures what Alaska still has . Has, that most states have lost.
         Alaska is so unique but with a disregard for saving our wilderness we will soon become the
         shooting gallery of the world . Please take time to reconsider these points and I do thank
         you for your time and your ability to stand up to what is corrupt in our Govt . Sincerely,
         Hugh Mc Peck



         hutlanee@yahoo.com




                                                                1




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01 _0006395
