Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From :                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
          Sent:                     Wednesday, October 10 , 2007 9:27 AM
          To:                       Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
          Subject:                  Fw: Find the cactus


          Un-flippin' believable that Fagan would blame Todd Palin for PSIO reaction.



          Wonder how long the guy's going to get away with "untruths" he loves to spew.

          Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



          -----Original Message-----

          From : " Frank Bailey " <ftb9o7@yahoo.com>



          Date: Wed, 10 Oct 2007 15:24:21

          To:"Jeff Lowenfels" <jeff@gardener.com>

          Subject: Re: Find the cactus




         Well put Jeff. I didn't hear his discussion on turbines. I hear from so many that they
         stopped listening to Dan a while back. That is reflective in that his callers are all one
         sided.  Dan's AOGA talking pts are running off his listeners. I just hope the masses
         aren't being lulled into agreement of all of his crap!



         F

         -----Original Message-----

         From: Jeff Lowenfels <jeff@gardener.com>



         Date: Wed, 10 Oct 2007 07:10:19

         To:Dan Fagan <Dan@KFQD.COM>

         Subject: Find the cactus




         Hi Dan,




                                                                1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0006412
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           I am still Outside. Back Thursday ....... lunch soon?




          I couldn ' t help noticing the following and thought of your comment that the Governor's
          Press Conference On Fires was just Grandstanding and just anti union junk prompted by Todd
          Palin .   I think you need to find that cactus I gave you . We have a serious problem on the
          slope . The Gov pointed it out and you called it Grandstanding . Are you willing to admit you
          might have been , indeed were , wrong? Too bad BP obviously though it was grandstanding,
          too? If these turbines were on the next flight you take with Alaska Airlines , you would
          be very upset ..... this is why her alert was important . Using the pulpit is what leaders
          do ..... and in this case , it was certainly justified.




                                        Damage from the fire itself was light, but the turbine bearings or
          other parts might need

                                   work that could keep the huge engine shut down for up to two
          weeks, crimping oil production

                                        by as much as 30 , 000 barrels a day ,       Beaudo said.




          Cheers,




          Jeff L




                                                              2




                                                                                                         PRA GSP01_0006413
