Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From:                     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                   GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=GOVERNOR]
         Sent:                     Wednesday, October 10, 2007 9:03 AM
         To:                       Cayce; Sunny C (GOV)
         Subject:                  FW: RE: Deputy Press Secretary's position




         -----Original Message-----

         From: ROGER WETHERELL [mailto:goodweather@gci.net]

         Sent: Wednesday, October 10, 2007 7:38 AM

         To: Nizich, Michael A (GOV)

         Cc: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)

         Subject: Re: RE: Deputy Press Secretary's position



         Good morning Mr. Nizich and Mr. Tibbles,



         Now that Ms. Stapleton has decided to vacate her position, I would like to ask that you
         reconsider me for a press staff position within the Governor's office.



        Each of you met with me several months ago and I remain fully confident that I am highly
        qualified to perform any and all necessary duties in the public affairs arena for Governor
        Palin.



        You should still have my letter of interest, resume and brief portfolio in                   your possession
        for additional review.



        Respectfully,



        Roger W. Wetherell

        goodweather @ gci.net

        723-3172



        ----- Original Message -----

        From: "Nizich, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.nizich@alaska.gov>

        Date: Friday, August 3, 2007 8:25 am

                                                             1



                                                                                                          PRA GSP01 0006399
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Subject: RE : Deputy Press Secretary ' s position

         To: ROGER WETHERELL < goodweather @ gci.net>



         > I left you a voice message that we were looking at some options

         > here and

         > that we would be getting back to you with some news hopefully very

         > soon.Sorry to have this drag on for you but we are considering a

         > few moves

         > here and don ' t have everything worked out yet .        I will let you know as

        > soon as possible.




        > From: ROGER WETHERELL        [ mailto:goodweather @ gci.net]

        > Sent: Wednesday , August 01, 2007 1:16 PM

        > To: Nizich , Michael A (GOV)

        > Subject: Deputy Press Secretary ' s position




        > Good afternoon Mr. Nizich,



        > I was just wondering if a decision has been made regarding the deputy

        > press secretary position ? I spoke with you two weeks ago. You

        > mentionedthat I could expect to hear something last week, but I

        > didn't.

        > I hope I'm not pestering you too much on this matter. I simply remain

        > very much interested in filling the position and going right to

        > work if

       > I'm offered the opportunity.




                                                             2
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


             Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                                     Page 1 of 6


             Unknown

              From :      Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.gov]
              Sent:       Wednesday, October 10, 2007 8:50 AM
              To:         Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
              Subject: FW: Weekly News Bulletin: Oct. 9-15, 2007



             From : Waste Business Journal [mailto : info@wastebusinessjournal.com]
             Sent: Tuesday, October 09, 2007 11:07 PM
             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
             Subject: Weekly News Bulletin : Oct. 9-15, 2007

                                       If you are having trouble viewing this email, you may see It online.




                                                   IQ
                       Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin : Oct. 9-15, 2007

             HEADLINES...
             1. Waste Industry Looks to Congress to Close Rail Loophole
             2. Chicago Considers Privatizing Recycling and Transfer Stations
             3. SPSA Intends to Stop Accepting Out-of-State Waste Next
                 Year
             4. Sen . Lieberman Confident of a Cap -and-Trade Law in Current
                 Session
             5. OhioEPA Is Urging Countywide Landfill to Mitigate Spread of
                 Fire
             6. Sonoco Products Acquires Six Plants from Caraustar
             7. WCA Waste Makes Acquisitions in Alabama, North Carolina,
                 Oklahoma and Texas
             8. PPL Partners with Greater Lebanon Refuse Authority on
                 Renewable Energy
             9. Connecticut Waste Hauler Fights Back, Sues Customers
             10. Veolia Environmental Services Wins 10 -Year Gasification
                 Contract
             11. American Electric Power Agrees to Pay Historic $4.6 Billion
                 Settlement
             12. Wal - Mart Canada to Expand Successful Recycling Program
             13. Republic to Announce 3rd Quarter on November 6
             14. Waste Industries USA to Announce 3rd Quarter on October 30
             15. WCA Waste Corp . to Announce 3rd Quarter on October 31
             16. Hell Promotes McHugh New Director of North American Sales
             17. NSWMA to Administer OSHA Grant for New Driver Safety
                 Program


              The weekly news bulletin is a free service provided by Waste Business
              journal . WBJ provides research and analysis of the waste industry. To
              learn more, please visit our website: www.wastebusinessjournal.com.
             j Signup and Unsubscribe instructions are at the bottom of this email.
               Please feel free to forward this bulletin to your colleagues.




             11/10/2009

                                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0006401
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


              Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                                Page 2 of 6



                  Waste Market Overview &               Stxe of the Waste Management Ipdu$Uy
                  Outlook                               Historkal and Projected
                                                   imamawd$)
                The Waste Market overview      4*0
                examines the industry top to
              -bottom covering waste
                generation , collection,
               processing , recovery and
               disposal by revenue and
               volume . The report details the
               relationship of past and future
               pricing to capacity and demand
               for disposal , and shows the
               increasing role of the private
              sector. Waste equipment and
              the emerging importance of e-
              waste, C&D recovery, food wastes, tires and medical wastes are examined.
                  · Market Revenues by Segment
              · Waste Generation, Recovery and Disposal by Volume and Revenue
              · Collection, Processing and Disposal Markets
              · Geographic Distribution of the Market
              · Other Waste Management Segments & Emerging Markets
              · Competition In Waste Among the Major Players
              · Resource Recovery Markets by Commodity
              · Waste Management Equipment
              [Learn More...)


              1.    WASTE INDUSTRY LOOKS TO CONGRESS TO CLOSE RAIL
                     LOOPHOLE
                    Under the guidance of Sen. Frank Lautenberg (D-NJ), the waste industry
                    awaits Congressional lawmakers to move legislation that will close a
                    loophole In federal transportation law that allows rail waste operations to
                    avoid environmental requirements that apply to everyone else. His
                    measure passed the Senate last month but some fear that It does not go
                    far enough, especially with regard to the processing of construction and
                    demolition debris stored on rail-based waste sites. There is further
                    concern that facilities might still win particular exemptions from state
                    and local environmental regulations. The House Transportation &
                    Infrastructure Committee Is expected to back a strict companion version
                    of Lautenberg's original bill .. .Read More

             2.      CHICAGO CONSIDERS PRIVATIZING RECYCLING AND
                    TRANSFER STATIONS
                    The city of Chicago is considering privatizing via long -term lease the
                    city's three recycling and transfer facilities . Those facilities are currently
                    operated under a five - year, $78.8 million contract held by Allied Waste
                    Transportation . Proceeds from the waste transfer lease could be used to
                    finance the otherwise cost- prohibitive switch to suburban -style, curbside
                    recycling citywide. The plan would be to expand that program to 211
                    thousand households from the 80 thousand currently being
                    served ... Read More))


             3.     SPSA INTENDS TO STOP ACCEPTING OUT-OF -STATE WASTE
                    NEXT YEAR
                    Virginia's Southeastern Public Service Authority (SPSA) plans to stop
                    accepting out-of-state waste by next year. Those wastes emanate
                    mainly from New York and North Carolina and account for about $1
                    million in revenues. It has been a controversial issue ever since one of
                    its eight members, the City of Chesapeake sued on those grounds to



             11/10/2009

                                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0006402
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


              Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                           Page 3 of 6


                    break its contract with the Authority. Last year, SPSA was in
                    negotiations with Covanta to Import 2,500 tons per day into Portsmouth,
                    but that deal later collapsed under withering opposition. However, the
                    recent Supreme Court decision on Oneida-Herkimer has given the
                    agency more options Including the ability to exert flow controls which
                    might direct all wastes through SPSA facilities rather than to those of
                    private waste firms., . Read More »


              4.   SEN . LIEBERMAN CONFIDENT OF ' A CAP-AND-TRADE LAW IN
                   CURRENT SESSION
                   Senator Joseph Lieberman (D-CT) says that Congress is close to passing
                   legislation during the current session that would establish a federal cap-
                   and-trade program for controlling greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions in
                   the United States. "I believe there is a substantial and Increasing
                   likelihood that both the Senate and the House will, by the end of next
                   year, pass legislation mandating cuts in U.S, greenhouse gas emissions,"
                   the senator said during the World Environment Center's Washington
                   Sustainabiiity Forum In Washington, D.C. He will need more than 60
                   votes to override a threatened veto by President Bush... Read More»

              5.   OHIOEPA IS URGING COUNTYWIDE LANDFILL TO MITIGATE
                   SPREAD OF FIRE
                   The Ohio Environmental Protection Agency is urging the Countywide
                   Recycling and Disposal Facility In Stark County to stop utilizing a 13-acre
                   portion of the 6,000 ton per day, 258-acre landfill deemed to be on fire.
                   OhioEPA wants the landfill owner Republic Services to construct a
                   firebreak and take other agency approved measures to halt the
                   migration of fires caused by aluminum chemical reactions... Read More))

             6.    SONOCO PRODUCTS ACQUIRES SIX PLANTS FROM
                   CARAUSTAR
                   Sonoco Products Co., the world's largest maker of rigid paperboard
                   containers, acquired the fiber containers and industrial plastic carriers
                   assets of Caraustar Industries Inc. The acquisition includes six plants
                   that employ 260 people whom make recycled paperboard containers and
                   plastic cores, thread carriers and other packaging. Taken together, they
                   generate about $50 million in annual sales ... Read More »


             7.    WCA WASTE MAKES ACQUISITIONS IN ALABAMA, NORTH
                   CAROLINA, OKLAHOMA AND TEXAS
                   WCA Waste Corp. has made five "tuck-in" acquisitions in Alabama, North
                   Carolina, Oklahoma and Texas. Among them are Waste Pro Services,
                   LLC of Houston which operates 17 routes, two tuck-in acquisitions in
                   North Carolina, with 11 routes in Greensboro and four in Raleigh, Big
                   Red Containers, located in Oklahoma, and Roll-Off Rentals in Huntsville,
                   Alabama . "This allows us to increase route destiny and internalize the
                   volume which had not previously been taken to one of our landfills," said
                   Tom Fatjo, chairman of WCA... Read More»

             8.    PPL PARTNERS WITH GREATER LEBANON REFUSE AUTHORITY
                   ON RENEWABLE ENERGY
                   Power company PPL Corp. has teamed up with the Greater Lebanon
                   Refuse Authority and opened a renewable energy facility that will use
                   captured methane to create enough fuel to power 2,500 homes. PPL's
                   PPL Renewable Energy unit plans to invest more than $100 million in
                   additional renewable energy projects in the next five years. The unit has
                   developed renewable energy projects that total more than fifteen
                   megawatts of generation. These include solar panel installations and
                   landfill gas projects in Pennsylvania and New Jersey.. . Read More))




             11/10/2009

                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0006403
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


              Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                            Page 4 of 6



               Market Radius Reports
               Focus on Your Market...
              Market radius reports capture all waste
              operations within a given market. They
              provide analysis of the major players by
              market share, and show historical trends
              of pricing, volume and capacity specific
              to that area. [ Learn More...]



              9.
                    CONNECTICUT WASTE HAULER FIGHTS BACK, SUES
                    CUSTOMERS
                    In a twist of fate, Connecticut carting company Automated Waste
                    Disposal, owned by James Galante who has been indicted in an ongoing
                    mob corruption and racketeering scam, is now suing 19 area business
                    and a rival firm for poaching his customers. Automated Waste charges
                    that the businesses are breaching their contracts while Mid-Hudson
                    Waste of Mahopac is engaging in "tortious Interference" by encouraging
                    them to do so. The 19 business acting as one consolidated defendant
                    filed a motion to dismiss on the grounds of the illegal business practices
                    by the plaintiff... Read More))


              10. VEOLIA ENVIRONMENTAL SERVICES WINS 10-YEAR
                  GASIFICATION CONTRACT
                  Veolia Environmental Services won a 10-year contract to operate a
                  gasification unit at Dow Coming's Midland, Michigan chemical plant. The
                  gasification process will convert hazardous chlorinated organic liquids
                  produced at the Dow Corning plant Into two usable products - aqueous
                  hydrochloric acid (HCL) and synthetic natural gas (Syngas). It removes
                  the need to transport for offsite disposal and avoids the emissions of
                  greenhouse gases . "This is a very cutting-edge process. It is the first
                  time that the gasification process will be used commercially to recycle
                  chlorinated organic liquids in the US," said Philippe Martin, President and
                  CEO of Veolia ES Technical Solutions... Read More R

             11. AMERICAN ELECTRIC POWER AGREES TO PAY HISTORIC $4.6
                  BILLION SETTLEMENT
                 American Electric Power has agreed to settle a long - running federal
                 lawsuit by agreeing to pay a $4.6 billion fine , pay a $15 million penalty,
                 and spend $ 60 million on projects to mitigate the adverse effects of its
                 past excess emissions . The record settlement was announced today by
                 the Department of Justice and the Environmental Protection Agency. The
                 lawsuit was originally filed in 1999 . Under the Clean Air Act, any
                 substantial modification of an existing power generation plant had to
                 include new technology to cut emissions. But under the Bush
                 Administration , the EPA attempted to roll back that requirement under
                 certain circumstances. In March 2006, a federal appeals court struck
                 down the EPA's exemption ... Read More ))

             12. WAL- MART CANADA TO EXPAND SUCCESSFUL RECYCLING
                 PROGRAM
                   Wal-Mart Canada Corp. plans to expand its recycling program in stores
                   nationwide following a successful pilot project in approximately one-third
                   of Its 293 outlets. The program uses a baler to create "sandwiches"
                   comprised of a layer of plastic film pressed between two layers of
                   cardboard. Plastic film and cardboard account for more than half of the




             11/10/2009

                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0006404
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


              Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                             Page 5 of 6


                   waste generated by Wal-Mart store operations... Read More n

               13. REPUBLIC TO ANNOUNCE 3RD QUARTER ON NOVEMBER 6
                   Moody's Investors Service has placed the 'Baal' senior unsecured debt
                   rating of Republic Services Inc. (NYSE: RSG) on review for possible
                   upgrade, citing Republic's consistent pace of internal revenue growth,
                   the sustainability of its profit margins and moderate leverage for the
                   current rating category. Meanwhile, Republic said that it will host a
                   conference call at 8:30 a.m. (Eastern) on November 6 to announce and
                   discuss third quarter financial results ... Read More »

              14. WASTE INDUSTRIES USA TO ANNOUNCE 3RD QUARTER ON
                  OCTOBER 30
                  Waste Industries USA, Inc. will announce third quarter financial results
                  at the close of markets on October 30 and host a conference call the
                  following day at 2 p.m. (Eastern) to discuss them.. . Read More *

              15. WCA WASTE CORP. TO ANNOUNCE 3RD QUARTER ON
                  OCTOBER 31
                  WCA Waste Corp. will announce third quarter financial results at the
                  close of markets on October 31, and host a conference call the next day
                  at 8:30 a.m. (Eastern) to discuss them ...Read More v


              16. NEIL PROMOTES MCHUGH NEW DIRECTOR OF NORTH
                  AMERICAN SALES
                  Hell Environmental promoted Bob McHugh to director of North American
                  sales. McHugh has been with Heil since 1990 having joined as a product
                  support manager. In 2001, he assisted in leading a team to obtain ISO
                  9001:2000 certification - making Heil the first refuse collection vehicle
                  manufacturer in the United States to do so... Read More ,


              17. NSWMA TO ADMINISTER OSHA GRANT FOR NEW DRIVER
                  SAFETY PROGRAM
                 The National Solid Wastes Management Association (NSWMA) said that
                 its driver safety training program has been approved by the federal
                 Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA). According to
                 NSWMA's General Counsel David Biderman, "The program will focus on
                 driver safety and the prevention of work-related motor vehicle accidents
                 and fatalities, through space management training of up to 384 refuse
                 industry drivers In 12 separate locations over a four week period."
                 NSWMA has previously provided safety training tools under OSHA's grant
                 program through its Be Safe, Be Proud video series.. .Read More))


                             ESSENTIAL REFERENCE & MARKET TOOL

             Directory & Atlas of Non -Hazardous Waste Sites
             The Directory & Atlas of Non-Hazardous Waste Sites is                             s
             the only directory of its kind and is the most up-to -date and        '"° a,0- 2010
                                                                                   a.p.cd

             comprehensive facility database of over 7,400 waste
             processing and disposal facilities across the US.
             The Directory & Atlas of Non -Hazardous Waste Sites is a
             powerful research and analysis tool that provides you with up-
             to-date , detailed operating profiles of all landfills , waste-to-energy plants,
             materials recovery facilities, construction & demolition landfills , transfer
             stations, composting operations and more throughout the entire US.
             [Learn More...]




             11/10/2009

                                                                                                                   PRA GSPO1_0006405
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



             Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                          Page 6 of 6




               ABOUT US
               Waste Business Journal researches the waste industry and publishes a
               variety of reports. We regularly perform custom reports for clients based
               on their particular needs. Please give us a call or email to discuss how we
               can help you.
               CONTACT US
               PO Box 40034
               San Diego, CA 92164-0034
               Tel 619.793.5190
               Fax 619.793.4713
               Email info@wastebusinessjournal.com.
               FORWARD THIS EMAIL
               Forward email
               UNSUBSCRIBE
               This email was sent to offiice_of_the_governor@gov.state. ak.us, by
               info@wastebusinessjournal.com
               Update Profile / Email Address I Instant removal with
               SafeUnsubscribe '" I Privacy Policy.
               QUESTIONS, COMMENTS OR SUGGESTIONS
               Email thompson@ wastebusinessjournal.com.
               DISCLAIMER
               Although WBJ has made every effort to be accurate, errors may appear
               and are unintentional.




             11/10/2009

                                                                                                                 PRA_GSP01_0006406
