Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                     Page 1 of 2


              Unknown

               From:    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov)
               Sent:    Wednesday, October 10, 2007 12:13 PM
              To.,      'bill@slaydenplumbing.com'
              Subject: RE: FW: Final opportunity to resubmit
              Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or information you
              have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is unable to respond to each and
              every email herself, your message has been received and is being reviewed by the appropriate staff
              person in this office who can best address your need, suggestion, or comment.



             From: Bill Slayden (mailto:bill@slaydenplumbing.com]
             Sent: Wednesday, October 10, 2007 12:07 PM
             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
             Cc: Julie Duquette; Rebecca Logan; rep_john_harris@legis.state.ak.us; Therriault, Gene (LAA);
             rep_john_coghill@legis.state.ak.us; Ramras, Jay B (LAA)
             Subject: Re: FW: Final opportunity to resubmit

             Dear Governor Palin,
             This again is not acceptable Please read Commissioner Bishop's directive below. It is merely a
             smoke screen by your Labor Commissioner. One week to re-submit! Who does he think he is
             kidding?

             When can we expect a new Commissioner for the Department of Labor and Workforce
             Development that represents all Alaskans instead of a small minority that belongs to labor
             unions. You talk about ethics and transparancy in State government. How about getting your
             own administration in order? Why do we have to sue our own government for fair and equitable
             treatment. I would suggest you lay off the legislative branch and concentrate on getting the
             executive branch cleaned up.
             Thank you,
             William L. Slayden
             President, Slayden plumbing & Heating, Inc.
             North Pole and Wasilla,Alaska

               Gentlemen - progress!!!! The DOL has temporarily seen the error of their ways
               and they are allowing people to resubmit grants that were denied for "formatting"
               errors - of course, as you'll note, they mention our lawsuit, that has nothing to do
               with formatting and everything to do with malfeasance!

              Rebecca Logan
              President and CEO
              ABC Alaska
              565-5640



              From : Krista Crum [mailto:krista@nitalaska.com]
              Sent: Tuesday, October 09, 2007 3:46 PM
              To: Rebecca Logan; Joe Crum; Richie Crum; Joey Crum; Michele Bennett; Jamie


             11/10/2009

                                                                                                                PRA_GSP01_0006416
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                               Page 2 of 2


               Tuttle; Michele Bennett
               Subject: FW: Final opportunity to resubmit
               Importance: High




               From : Labor, Commissioner (DOL sponsored) [mailto:commissioner. labor@alaska.gov]
               Sent: Tue 10/9/2007 3:24 PM
               To: elohr@anthc.org; Garson, Andre I (CED); dward@akship.com;
               smwjatc@alaska.net; ajoseph@avcphousing.org; lu1555er@mosquitonet.com;
               lu1555bb@mosquitonet.com; csimeon@kuskokwim.org; Krista Crum;
               Local190@alaska.com; edavid5858@aol.com; howard.darling@tananachiefs.org;
               robin.frank@tananachiefs.org; ffrac@uaf.edu; treasuresangles@alaska.net;
               Tlongan@yuut.org; cedenshaw@nwarctic.org
               Subject : Final opportunity to resubmit
               Based on numerous comments from State Training and Employment Program (STEP) grant
               applicants who failed to submit proposals that fully conformed with the August 6, 2007 Request
               for Grant Applications (RGA), and in order to provide the largest number of potential grantees
               to serve the Alaska public, the Department, after consultation with the Attorney General's office,
               has decided to allow applicant's whose proposals were deemed non-responsive a FINAL
               opportunity to correct and resubmit their proposals. Corrections will be limited to remedying
               technical inaccuracies only.

              This opportunity to correct your proposal is due in part to the fact the STEP grant application
              process requirements were significantly changed as a result of a lawsuit filed in the Superior
              Court (Associated Builders and Contractors, Alaska Chapter vs. State of Alaska, Department of
              Labor, Case No. 3AN-06-6918 CI), where grant making process and procedures used by the
              Department were called into question. Accordingly, all grant applicants previously deemed
              "non-responsive" from the August RGA based on technical inaccuracies are being given one
              week to cure the technical infirmities in their previously submitted grant proposals to the August
              RGA. The deadline for corrected proposals to be received by the Department is 5:00 p.m.,
              Tuesday, October 16.

              If it is your intent to resubmit a corrected proposal, you or another representative of the applicant
              organization must participate in a MANDATORY teleconference hosted by Division of
              Business Partnerships to go over requirements of the RGA and respond to questions on
              resubmissions. You must attend (either in person or via teleconference) this session to be held on
              Friday, October 12, 2007 at 10:00 a.m. to 11:30 a.m., at the Division of Business Partnerships'
              2nd floor conference room, 1016 W. 6th Street, Suite 205, Anchorage, Alaska, 99501, or call-in
              number, 1-800-315-6338, Code 4647.

              Division staff will contact each of you to provide details of the FINAL re-submission process.
              Sincerely,
              Clark Bishop
              Commissioner
              Department of Labor and Workforce Development




             11/10/2009

                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0006417
