Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From :                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
          Sent:                     Wednesday, October 10, 2007 10:17 AM
          To:                       'pjbalaska@gmail.com'
          Subject:                  RE: Other


          Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
          information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
          unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
          being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
          need, suggestion, or comment.




          -----Original Message-----

         From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

         Sent: Wednesday, October 10, 2007 10:09 AM

         To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

         Subject: Other



         Web mail from: Mr. Patrick Blackburn

         address: 531 Grant Street Ketchikan AK 99901

          907-225-0948



         MESSAGE:

         I\'ve lived in Alaska since 1975, have dozens of relatives here including a brother in
         Wasilla .....



         I may applying for unemployment insurance and have learned that Alaska\'s rate for such
         payments is among the lowest of the states at only $248/week.



         This is unconscionable, given the state\'s wealth:  ALTHOUGH TO MY UNDERSTANDING THAT IS
         LARGELY IRREVELANT as the lion\'s share of the funding actually comes from the federal
         government.




        I have been pleased (and surprised, I must admit) by your generally populist alpproach to
        governing.... you do not appear to be in the usual vein of Republicans, which is quite
        consistent with their hard won reputation of everything for the rich, powerful and wealthy
        and a hearty \"good luck to you\" for the bulk of the population.




        Will you introduce a bill to bring Alaska\'s UI payments up to date? Keep in mind, too,
        that these payments are very important to rural families who may be only seasonably
                                                                1




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0006418
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          employed and in fact cannot find employmentexcept during the Summer.



          I've lived in Alaska since 1975, have dozens of relatives here including a brother in
          Wasilla .....



          I may applying for unemployment insurance and have learned that Alaska's rate for such
          payments is among the lowest of the states at only $248/week.



          This is unconscionable, given the state's wealth:  ALTHOUGH TO MY UNDERSTANDING THAT IS
          LARGELY IRREVELANT as the lion's share of the funding actually comes from the federal
          government.



          I have been pleased (and surprised, I must admit) by your generally populist alpproach to
          governing.... you do not appear to be in the usual vein of Republicans, which is quite
          consistent with their hard won reputation of everything for the rich, powerful and wealthy
          and a hearty "good luck to you" for the bulk of the population.



          Will you introduce a bill to bring Alaska's UI payments up to date? Keep in mind, too,
          that these payments are very important to rural families who may be only seasonably
          employed and in fact cannot find employmentexcept during the Summer.



         pjbalaska@gmail.com

         PLEASE ADD TO E-NEWS




                                                        2




                                                                                                   PRA_GSP01_0006419
