Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From:                     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV spohsored) [governor@ alaska.gov]
          Sent:                     Thursday, October 11, 2007 8:26 AM
          To:                       'arthur@corlissfamily.org'
          Subject:                  RE: Education


          Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
          information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
          unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
          being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
          need, suggestion, or comment.




          -----original Message-----

          From: WebMailegov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

          Sent: Wednesday, October 10, 2007 8:38 PM

         To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

         Subject: Education



         Web mail from: Mr. Arthur Corliss

         address: 3611 Hollyberry Circle Anchorage AK 99507




         MESSAGE:

         You claimed during your campaign that you supported educational vouchers. Given the
         continued lack of competence and fiscal responsibility I\'ve witnessed within the
         Anchorage School District I\'d like to see it happen.



         The state does have a constitutional obligation to fund adequate education for all its
         citizens.  That doesn\'t mean, however, that you can let corrupt district bureaucrats name
         their own price for \"adequate\" (or, in other words, mediocre) education. Private
         education has consistently produced higher grades on national standard tests (like the SAT
         & ACT) for less than half what it costs the public school systems. You need to tap those
         realities to force the public school systems to reach a reasonably effective and cost-
         efficient standard.



         I have a suggestion: state funds for education should be allocated on a per-student
         basis, with each student getting an equal amount (regionally adjusted to account for local
         cost of infrastructure and living).  That amount should be based on market studies that
         include the private sector among its data points. Each school, public or private, should
         be able register their student head-counts and withdraw the appropriate level of funds.
         You should consider even letting home-schooled families withdraw a significant percentage
         of that as well.



                                                                1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0006450
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          This would make escaping union-mandated mediocre teaching at the highest price feasible
          for more families . And that , in turn , will force the unions and the public schools to
          become more competitive since there will be a financial impact for losing students. It
          will also create more choice in the private sector since more families will be able to
          afford those options with dollars reserved for their children specifically.



          Of course, I still have a corrupt municipality also digging in my wallet to support the
          district, and I\'ll have to fight that battle locally. But if you would enact real change
          at the state level I can make sure that the district is not wasting state tax payers\'
          money in my family\' s name . And, I can get the real and intended benefit of those
          dollars, something that I don\'t believe I am now.



         I should point out this simple fact ( something that ASD apparently is incapable of
         comprehending ):  the money that is being wasted on the public school system * is* the tax
         payers \' money . The state budget is funded through realization of revenue ( royalties,
         production taxes , and so on ) from the use of resources held in the public trust .   In other
         words , you are the steward of * our* commonly held property . It isn\' t yours , nor is the
         revenue derived from it yours by right.



         It would be a refreshing change to see a government actually operate under that principle
         instead of acting as if the citizens are something to be suffered.



         Perhaps a better educated populace, which would in turn grown into public servants, would
         make this possible, eh?



         Fulfill your campaign promises . Improve the educational possibilities for all Alaskans.
         Make some form of the voucher system come to fruition , but do not remain beholden and
         captive to the public school district bureaucracies.



         You claimed during your campaign that you supported educational vouchers.   Given the
         continued lack of competence and fiscal responsibility I've witnessed within the Anchorage
         School District I'd like to see it happen.



         The state does have a constitutional obligation to fund adequate education for all its
         citizens . That doesn ' t mean, however , that you can let corrupt district bureaucrats name
         their own price for " adequate " ( or, in other words, mediocre ) education . Private
         education has consistently produced higher grades on national standard tests ( like the SAT
         & ACT) for less than half what it costs the public school systems .     You need to tap those
         realities to force the public school systems to reach a reasonably effective and cost-
         efficient standard.



         i have a suggestion : state funds for education should be allocated on a per - student
         basis, with each student getting an equal amount ( regionally adjusted to account for local
         cost of infrastructure and living ).   That amount should be based on market studies that
         include the private sector among its data points .   Each school , public or private , should
         be able register their student head - counts and withdraw the appropriate level of funds.
         You should consider even letting home-schooled families withdraw a significant percentage
         of that as well.



                                                        2




                                                                                                  PRA_GSPO1 _0006451
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          This would make escaping union-mandated mediocre teaching at the highest price feasible
          for more families.  And that, in turn, will force the unions and the public schools to
          become more competitive since there will be a financial impact for losing students. It
          will also create more choice in the private sector since more families will be able to
          afford those options with dollars reserved for their children specifically.



         Of course, I still have a corrupt municipality also digging in my wallet to support the
         district, and I'll have to fight that battle locally. But if you would enact real change
         at the state level I can make sure that the district is not wasting state tax payers'
         money in my family's name. And, I can get the real and intended benefit of those dollars,
         something that I don't believe I am now.



         I should point out this simple fact (something that ASD apparently is incapable of
         comprehending):   the money that is being wasted on the public school system *is* the tax
         payers' money.  The state budget is funded through realization of revenue (royalties,
         production taxes , and so on ) from the use of resources held in the public trust. In other
         words, you are the steward of *our* commonly held property. It isn't yours, nor is the
         revenue derived from it yours by right.



         It would be a refreshing change to see a government actually operate under that principle
         instead of acting as if the citizens are something to be suffered.



         Perhaps a better educated populace, which would in turn grown into public servants, would
         make this possible, eh?



         Fulfill your campaign promises . Improve the educational possibilities for all Alaskans.
         Make some form of the voucher system come to fruition, but do not remain beholden and
         captive to the public school district bureaucracies.



         arthur@corlissfamily.org

         PLEASE ADD TO E-NEWS




                                                        3




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0006452
