Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From :                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
          Sent:                     Thursday, October 11, 2007 8:32 AM
          To:                       jonesdj@gis.net
          Subject:                  RE: Other


          Ms. Jones,

          Thank you for your wonderful email!



          -----Original Message-----

          From: WebMail@gov. state .ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

          Sent : Wednesday , October 10, 2007 4:34 PM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

          Subject: Other



         Web mail from: Ms. Lynn Jones

         address: PO Box 851 Finksburg MD 21048

           410-861-8464



         MESSAGE:

         Dear Governor Palin: I would like to let you know what a wonderful vacation we had an
         Alaska and it was all made possible due to the wonderful and kind and generous people that
         are residents of Alaska. My husband and I spent the best three weeks of our lives in
         Alaska. We have traveled extensively and our time in Alaska was the absolute best. It is
         amazing how kind the people of Alaska are in their relationship to strangers. We were
         walking down a road in Fairbanks, basically looking for bears and moose , and a very kind
         elderly woman and her son pulled over and asked us if we needed aride. THat was our first
         day in Alaska and our time in your wonderful state only got better. As we flew up to
         Coldfoot to travel back down the Dalton Highway to \"see\" the Artic Circle: our tour
         guide was absolutely the kindest and caring person I have ever meet ( even when the moose
         decided it was better to walk in the road and not in the woods ). The ride up to Chena Hot
         Springs was another day just fil

         led with wonder at all the moose and beauty of Alaska. While taking our seaplane flight
         out to Ketechian to Nests Bay to see the bears, I was very aprehensive after the recent
         plane crash involving citizens from Maryland, but again the company was nice and
         considerate. Everywhere we went, the beauty of Denali/McKinnley/Haines/Teekeetna/ and all
         the towns along the inside Passage was magnificant. But the kindness of the people is what
         I will remember the most. During these times of complaints and poor customer service, I
         can tell you that in Alaska, the local people put others needs in front of their own. The
         magnificant time we had at the Alaskan Culture Center talking to the native people and
         hearing their excitement in their culture, made a wonderful impression. THank you for
         allowing me the opportunity to share my experience from your wonderful state. THe people
         of Alaska need to be applauded on how wonderful they treat the tourist, but also how
         wonderful they show the beauty of th

         e state through their actions.

         Sincerly, Lynn M Jones
                                                                 1




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0006438
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Dear Governor Palin : I would like to let you know what a wonderful vacation we had an
         Alaska and it was all made possible due to the wonderful and kind and generous people that
         are residents of Alaska . My husband and I spent the best three weeks of our lives in
         Alaska . We have traveled extensively and our time in Alaska was the absolute best. It is
         amazing how kind the people of Alaska are in their relationship to strangers . We were
         walking down a road in Fairbanks , basically looking for bears and moose , and a very kind
         elderly woman and her son pulled over and asked us if we needed a ride . THat was our first
         day in Alaska and our time in your wonderful state only got better . As we flew up to
         Coldfoot to travel back down the Dalton Highway to " see" the Artic Circle : our tour guide
         was absolutely the kindest and caring person I have ever meet ( even when the moose decided
         it was better to walk in the road and not in the woods ). The ride up to Chena Hot Springs
         was another day just fille

         d with wonder at all the moose and beauty of Alaska . While taking our seaplane flight out
         to Ketechian to Neets Bay to see the bears , I was very aprehensive after the recent plane
         crash involving citizens from Maryland , but again the company was nice and considerate.
         Everywhere we went, the beauty of Denali /McKinnley/Haines / Teekeetna / and all the towns
         along the Inside Passage was magnificant . But the kindness of the people is what I will
         remember the most . During these times of complaints and poor customer service , I can tell
         you that in Alaska, the local people put others needs in front of their own. The
         magnificant time we had at the Alaskan Culture Center talking to the native people and
         hearing their excitement in their culture , made a wonderful impression . THank you for
         allowing me the opportunity to share my experience from your wonderful state . THe people
         of Alaska need to be applauded on how wonderful they treat the tourist, but also how
         wonderful they show the beauty of the

         state through their actions.

         Sincerly ,   Lynn M Jones



         jonesdj @qis.net




                                                        2




                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0006439
