Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                                      Page 1 of 3


              Unknown

              From:    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
              Sent:    Thursday, October 11, 2007 10:07 AM
              To:      Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
              Subject : FW: Lumina Foundation announces next president and CEO




               From: John Mutz [mailto:jmutz@Iuminafoundation.org]
               Sent: Thursday, October 11, 2007 9:54 AM
               To: Governor Sarah Palln (GOV sponsored)
               Subject: Lumina Foundation announces next president and CEO



                                                    To view this email as a web page , click here.




                                                                                                                         10.11.07



                        Dear Colleague,

                            On behalf of the Board of Directors of Lumina Foundation for Education.
                        I am pleased to announce the selection today of Lumina's next president and
                        CEO, Jamie P. Merisotis, a nationally respected expert in the field of higher-
                        education policy.


                                                                                                 Select from the following menu to
                            Janie has demonstrated a true passion for Ltvnina's                  learn more about Lumina's next
                        goal of increased access to - and success in -- education                president and CEO:
                        beyond high school . He was asked to lead Lumina
                        Foundation into the next stage of its existence as a result
                        of a 10-month search, which followed the retirement
                        announcement in December 2006 by our founding
                        president and chief executive . Martha D. Lamkin. Her
                        vision and leadership during the Foundation ' s start-up
                        phase as well as her commitment to the fields of
                        philanthropy and higher education have been critical to
                        Lumina Foundation ' s evolution in the seven years since
                        its inception.



              11/10/2009

                                                                                                                                     PRA GSPO1_0006430
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                   Page 2 of 3



                               In the years ahead. Lumina intends to more assertively
                            promote fundamental changes in higher education that
                            improve college access and graduation rates. The
                            Lumina Board is confident no one is better qualified than
                            Jamie to lead the Foundation. His experiences testifying
                            before lawmakers have positioned him to lead aggressive
                            public policy initiatives at state and national levels.

                               As founding president of the 14-year-old institute for
                            Higher Education Policy , a nonpartisan global research
                            and policy center based in Washington, D.C., Jamie has
                            built widespread respect among those committed to
                            helping people realize their potential through
                            postsecondary education. His work with the Alliance for
                            Equity in Higher Education also has been critical to
                            opening doors for minorities in higher education.

                               In a very high-profile way, Jamie will help Lumina
                           advocate fir a better-educated, civically engaged
                           workforce to ensure individual opportunity - and our
                           nation's prosperity -- amid global competition. Its no
                           secret the United States spends much more on higher
                           education than many other developed countries.
                           Nonetheless, our country has been falling behind for
                           more than a generation in degree-completion rates among
                           citizens ages 25 to 34. To improve America's standing.
                           we must rapidly find ways to educate millions more
                           students, many of whom will come from the historically
                           underserved groups that are expected to replace Baby
                           Boomers as they leave the workforce. Jamie is
                           committed to the steps Lumina Foundation has taken, and
                           he has firm ideas about how to build upon this
                           developing body of work.

                               Jamie, 43, currently lives in Arlington, Va.. with his
                           wife, Colleen O'Brien, and their son, Benjamin. In
                           addition to leading the institute, Jamie is chairman of the
                           board for Scholarship America, the nation's largest
                           private-sector scholarship and educational-support
                           organization, and a member of the board of trustees of
                           Bates College in Lewiston, Maine. where he earned his
                           bachelor's degree. He serves as a member of the board of
                           the National College Access Network. Jamie will assume
                           his new role with the Foundation effective ,Ian. 1. We
                           welcome his leadership.

                           Sincerely,



                           U , / q Y24>

                           John M. Mutz
                           Chairman of the Board
                           Lumina Foundation for Education




             11/10/2009

                                                                                                                PRA GSP01 0006431
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                                                            Page 3 of 3




                     .............................................................................................................................................
                                                                 © 2007 LUMINA FOUNDATION 1800.834.5756



                    We welcome your feedback
                    This email was sent to: governor@ gov.state.ak.us


                    This email was sent by: Lumina Foundation for Education
                    30 South Meridian Street Indianapolis, Indiana 46204-3503 USA


                    We respect your right to privacy - view our policy

                                                     Manage Subscriptions I Update Profile I One-Click Unsubscribe




             11/10/2009

                                                                                                                                                         PRA GSP01_0006432
