Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From :                    Kelly, Russell T (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                     GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=RTKELLY]
           Sent :                    Thursday, October 11, 2007 3:29 PM
           To:                       'gov.sarah@yahoo .com'; Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Leschper; Beth (GOV)
           Cc:                       Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Ruaro; Randall P (GOV)
           Subject:                  Re: ACES briefings


           Sen. Elton called in from his office phone. He was very appreciative.    We don't know or
           care who else he might have had in the room. It all went pretty smoothly.

           RK



           ----- original Message -----

           From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

           To: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Leschper, Beth (GOV)

           Cc: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Ruaro, Randall P (GOV); Kelly, Russell T (GOV)

           Sent: Thu Oct 11 12:53:10 2007

           Subject: Fw: ACES briefings



          This guy is a trip.



          Good job Sharon. And I'm sure no one excluded anyone from listening in or participating in
          the teleconf with Elton. Pis make sure I'm correct on that- i would never instruct anyone
          to exclude.



          "Celebrity watching?". What a doof. Beth can detail for your our many hours of mtgs and
          interviews, and newsweek's announcement that Gov Napolitano and I will be the speakers at
          their inaugural West Coast conf in februrary. We didn't even stop to catch our breath on
          this trip- as Beth can attest to.

          Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



            ----Original Message-----

          From: "Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)" <sharon.leighow@alaska.gov>



          Date: Thu, 11 Oct 2007 10:17:35

          To:junobob@att.net

          Subject: RE: ACES briefings




                                                                 1




                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0006468
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Bob-



           Senator Elton was scheduled to attend the briefing in person but was

           unable to get to Anchorage because of the weather .           The teleconference

           for the Senator was arranged at the last minute .          The Governor was aware

           that a teleconference was not going to be part of the House and Senate

           briefings .    I am not sure she was made aware of the arrangement we made

           for Senator Elton.



           As to your claim that the administration did everything it could to

           limit the public ' s chance hear what the administration wanted to say to

           the Senators - not true.       I have repeatedly told you that the meetings

           were open to the public.



           Just as an FYI - no media attended the Senate briefings either day in

           Anchorage .    Furthermore ,   the only person who has complained about the

           open briefings has been you.




           Sharon




           -----Original Message-----

           From: junobob@att.net [mailto:junobob@att.netj

           Sent: Thursday, October 11, 2007 9:50 AM

           To: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)

          Subject: ACES briefings



          Sharon,



              Thanks for the Newsweek schedule . I noticed that the governor was not

          on it as a participant , so is it correct that she was just part of

                                                              2




                                                                                                        PRA GSP01_0006469
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           whatever audience was allowed in?



                On your ACES briefings for the Senate majority yesterday:

             According to Sen. Elton's staff he had to agree to no one else could

           be present in order for him to be teleconferenced in to the session

           after his flight to Juneau had problems. If this is correct it seems to

           indicate did everything it could to limit the public's chance to hear

           what the administration wanted to say to the        senators.

                Since she's off celebrity watching, I would like to confirm that she

          was aware of      and approved the refusal to teleconference this week's

          briefings anywhere.

                Finally, you still haven't given a reason for those decisions. Both

          you and Russ have only said the decision was made .        I just left a reqest

          with Mike Tibbles' secretary for an interview to get an answer to that

          question.



                I'm doing another special edition of Laws for the SEA tomorrow and

          would like any administration comments by the end of today, please.



          Thanks,

          Bob




          Bob Tkacz

          Correspondent,

          Fishermen ' s News Magazine

          Writer & Publisher,

          Laws for the SEA

          Office PH :   907-463-5455

          Mobile: 01-907-723-4314

          Email: junobob®att.net

          416 Harris St., Suite 203

          Juneau, AK 99801



                                                           3
