Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                              Page 1 of 3



               Unknown

               From:     Leighow, Sharon W (GOV) [/O=SOAIOU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                         GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=SWLEIGHOWI
               Sent:     Thursday , October 11 , 2007 9:52 AM
               To:       Ruaro; Randall P (GOV); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); 'gov. sarah@yahoo.com'
               Cc:       Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Mason ; Janice L (GOV)
               Subject: Ketchikan Daily News - bridge

             Just so you folks are aware, I have told the Ketchikan Daily News that the Governor intends to visit
             the community.


             From: Yocom, Lauren 3 (GOV)
             Sent: Thursday, October 11, 2007 9:45 AM
             To: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)
             Subject: Ketchikan Daily News

             Sharon,
             I this is the only Opinion/Letter mentioning the Governor. Is this the one you're looking for?
             Otherwise it hasn't shown up yet.


             Lauren



             A visit past due
             For more than 30 years, many people in Ketchikan have spent significant amounts of their
            time to support the building of a bridge across Tongass Narrows.
            Millions of dollars have been spent on the required planning and environmental impact
            documents.
            Gov. Tony Knowles came to Ketchikan and announced the selection of the state's preferred
            alternative for the bridge itself.
            And, after years of effort, Alaska's congressional delegation secured substantial funding to
            build the bridge.
            Ketchikan then watched from the sidelines as the "Bridge to Nowhere" phenomenon swept
            through the national media and halls of Congress.
            Politicians and commentators of just about every political stripe began wielding the term as
            sneering shorthand for government waste and out-of-control spending.
            But, as even the most ardent Ketchikan opponents of the bridge can admit, most of the
            factually challenged pundits and pols who swing the "Bridge to Nowhere" cudgel don't know
            much - if anything - about Ketchikan itself.
            Then again, Ketchikan and its interests are irrelevant in this national conversation. Who,
            outside of Ketchikan, really cares about accurately representing the community? Especially
            when it's so easy and such fun to trump political opponents with a knowing roll of the eyes
            and a caustic comment about the "Bridge to Nowhere."
            Sadly, we've become accustomed to such cavalier treatment from national interests making
            political points at our expense over the years.


             8/26/2009

                                                                                                              PRA GSPO1_0006491
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                        Page 2 of 3


             We're less familiar with what appears to be similar treatment by our own governor.
             On Sept. 21, Gov. Sarah Palin announced that the bridge was no longer an option.
             She didn't make the announcement here in Ketchikan.
             She didn't alert local mayors that she'd made the decision.
             She didn't notify Ketchikan's state representative and senator, or even the Alaska
             congressional delegation, apparently, that the decision was made and that an announcement
            was on its way.
             No, the effective end of three decades' effort toward a bridge was announced in a press
             release launched - perhaps coincidentally - early enough in the day to make media
             deadlines on the East Coast.
            The media pounced.
             By day's end, Palin's decision to quash the "Bridge to Nowhere" was news nationwide and
             beyond.
            The attention hasn't diminished much since then, either. Newsweek magazine, for example,
             has a favorable story about Palin in the current edition's special section on women leaders.
            The Ketchikan bridge decision is mentioned prominently.
            For some pundits, Palin's decision further elevates her status as a rising political figure who's
            fearless in clearing entrenched political and business interests from government.
            "Meet Sarah Palin, Alaska's rockstar governor," wrote commentator Patrick Ruffini, four
            paragraphs before noting that Palin "single-handedly killed the leading symbol of Republican
            spending excess in Washington: the Bridge to Nowhere."
            Given how Palin made the bridge announcement, it's not difficult to believe that the intended
            audience - and what really mattered to the governor - wasn't the community of Ketchikan.
            In that regard, the announcement was similar to the national "debate" on the bridge. Sure,
            the press release mentioned Ketchikan, but it wasn't really about Ketchikan.
            And that's what the pundits overlook when they lionize Palin for courageously pulling the plug
            on Ketchikan's bridge.
            The decision didn't take courage. Any pollster would say it was a slam-dunk public opinion
            winner anywhere but here.
            She could have displayed real courage by coming to Ketchikan on Sept. 21, announcing the
            decision here, and explaining her rationale to the community.
            She didn't.
            Nor has she yet acted on the invitation by Ketchikan Gateway Borough and City of Saxman
            Mayor Joe Williams and City of Ketchikan Mayor Bob Weinstein to come to Ketchikan and talk
            with the community about the decision.
            To Palin's credit, she fully intends to do so, according to Sharon Leighow, the governor's
            deputy press secretary.
            We'll consider that a promise and we hope the governor keeps it soon.
            That's not asking too much. In fact, given the magnitude of the decision, it's overdue.
            Even rock stars should be willing to face the music.

            Lauren Yocom
            Communications Assistant
            Office of Governor Sarah Palin
            Alaska State Capitol

            907.465.4031
            907.465.3533
            907.321.5571




            8/26/2009

                                                                                                        P RAGS P01 _0006492
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                   Page 3 of 3




                                                                                                   PRA GSPOI _0006493
