Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From :                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
           Sent:                     Thursday, October 11, 2007 10:35 AM
           To:                       Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Ruaro; Randall P (GOV); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Kelly; Russell
                                     T (GOV); Von Scheben; Leo (DOT)
           Cc:                       Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Mason; Janice L (GOV); Leschper; Beth (GOV)
           Subject:                  Re: Ketchikan Daily News - bridge


           Mike- if there's anything inaccurate in here about "me" not notifying anyone, please
           correct it asap.




           Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular one



           -----Original Message-----

           From: "Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)" <sharon.leighow@alaska.gov>



           Date : Thu, 11 Oct 2007 09:51:59

           To:"Ruaro, Randall P (GOV)" <randall.ruaro@alaska.gov>,"Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)"
           <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>, gov.sarah@yahoo.com

           Cc:"Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)" <kris.perry@alaska.gov>,"Mason, Janice L (GOV)"
           <janice. mason@alaska.gov>

           Subject: Ketchikan Daily News - bridge




          Just so you folks are aware, I have told the Ketchikan Daily News that the Governor
          intends to visit the community.




          From: Yocom, Lauren J (GOV)

           Sent: Thursday, October 11, 2007 9:45 AM

           To: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)

           Subject: Ketchikan Daily News



          Sharon,
                                                                  I




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01 _0006484
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            I this is the only opinion/Letter mentioning the Governor. Is this the one you're
           looking for? Otherwise it hasn't shown up yet.




           Lauren




           A visit past due

           For more than 30 years, many people in Ketchikan have spent significant amounts of their
           time to support the building of a bridge across Tongass Narrows.

           Millions of dollars have been spent on the required planning and environmental impact
           documents.

           Gov. Tony Knowles came to Ketchikan and announced the selection of the state's preferred
           alternative for the bridge itself.

           And, after years of effort, Alaska's congressional delegation secured substantial funding
           to build the bridge.

           Ketchikan then watched from the sidelines as the "Bridge to Nowhere" phenomenon swept
           through the national media and halls of Congress.

           Politicians and commentators of just about every political stripe began wielding the term
           as sneering shorthand for government waste and out-of-control spending.

           But, as even the most ardent Ketchikan opponents of the bridge can admit, most of the
           factually challenged pundits and pols who swing the "Bridge to Nowhere" cudgel don't know
           much - if anything - about Ketchikan itself.

           Then again, Ketchikan and its interests are irrelevant in this national conversation. Who,
           outside of Ketchikan, really cares about accurately representing the community? Especially
           when it's so easy and such fun to trump political opponents with a knowing roll of the
           eyes and a caustic comment about the "Bridge to Nowhere."

           Sadly, we've become accustomed to such cavalier treatment from national interests making
           political points at our expense over the years.

           We're less familiar with what appears to be similar treatment by our own governor.

           On Sept. 21, Gov. Sarah Palin announced that the bridge was no longer an option.

           She didn't make the announcement here in Ketchikan.

           She didn't alert local mayors that she'd made the decision.

           She didn't notify Ketchikan's state representative and senator, or even the Alaska
           congressional delegation, apparently, that the decision was made and that an announcement
           was on its way.

           No, the effective end of three decades' effort toward a bridge was announced in a press
           release launched - perhaps coincidentally - early enough in the day to make media
           deadlines on the East Coast.

           The media pounced.

           By day's end, Palin's decision to quash the "Bridge to Nowhere" was news nationwide and
           beyond.

                                                          2




                                                                                                    P RA_GS P01 _0006485
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           The attention hasn 't diminished much since then, either. Newsweek magazine , for example,
           has a favorable story about Palin in the current edition' s special section on women
           leaders . The Ketchikan bridge decision is mentioned prominently.

           For some pundits, Palin' s decision further elevates her status as a rising political
           figure who's fearless in clearing entrenched political and business interests from
           government.

           "Meet Sarah Palin, Alaska's rockstar governor," wrote commentator Patrick Ruffini, four
           paragraphs before noting that Palin "single-handedly killed the leading symbol of
           Republican spending excess in Washington: the Bridge to Nowhere."

           Given how Palin made the bridge announcement, it's not difficult to believe that the
           intended audience - and what really mattered to the governor - wasn't the community of
           Ketchikan.

           in that regard, the announcement was similar to the national "debate" on the bridge. Sure,
           the press release mentioned Ketchikan, but it wasn't really about Ketchikan.

           And that's what the pundits overlook when they lionize Palin for courageously pulling the
           plug on Ketchikan's bridge.

           The decision didn't take courage. Any pollster would say it was a slam-dunk public opinion
           winner anywhere but here.

           She could have displayed real courage by coming to Ketchikan on Sept. 21, announcing the
           decision here, and explaining her rationale to the community.

           She didn't.

           Nor has she yet acted on the invitation by Ketchikan Gateway Borough and City of Saxman
           Mayor Joe Williams and City of Ketchikan Mayor Bob Weinstein to come to Ketchikan and talk
           with the community about the decision.

           To Palin's credit, she fully intends to do so, according to Sharon Leighow, the governor's
           deputy press secretary.

           We'll consider that a promise and we hope the governor keeps it soon.

           That's not asking too much. In fact, given the magnitude of the decision, it's overdue.

           Even rock stars should be willing to face the music.




           Lauren Yocom

           Communications Assistant

          Office of Governor Sarah Palin <http://state.ak.us/>

          Alaska State Capitol



           907.465.4031

           907.465.3533

           907.321.5571




                                                         3




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0006486
