Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                                     Page 1 of 2



               Unknown

                From :      Mason , Janice L (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                            GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=JLMASON]
                Sent:       Thursday, October 11, 2007 5:28 PM
               To:          Sarah Palin; Todd
                Cc:         Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Fabrello; Michelle A (GOV)
               Subject: Passing of Chief Rev. David Salmon

             This story ran in today's news-miner, we received a call that Chief Rev. David Salmon passed away this afternoon, and
             was asked to inform the Governor. As soon as I find out about funeral arrangements I will pass them along . Thanks, Janice


             chief diagnosed with terminal cancer
             By Mary Beth Smetzer
             msmetzer@newsm iner.com
             Published October 11, 2007

             The First Traditional Chief for the Athabascan people of the Interior, the Rev. David Salmon, has been diagnosed with terminal
             cancer and is home in Chalkyitsik being cared for by family members.

             "He is in very good spirits ," his great-granddaughter Tanya Rojas said. "He says he is going to see people again in heaven and
             he is ready to go home."

            Salmon was transported to Chalkyitsik on Wednesday afternoon via an air ambulance courtesy of Doyon Ltd . The village is
            located on the Black River about 45 miles northeast of Fort Yukon.

            Even though Salmon suffers pain, Rojas said, "He is home now, and that is what he wanted . He said , ' I have come home to
            live the rest of my days.'"

            The 95-year-old cherished Gwich'in elder has been first traditional chief since August 2003 , following the passing of Chief
            Peter John of Minto. The position is not a political one and is held in high esteem.

            An ordained Episcopal minister , musician and toolmaker , Salmon is well known throughout the Yukon Flats as a man of God
            and is noted for his work ethic and sense of humor.

            Patricia Salmon said her grandfather hadn 't been feeling well all summer but it wasn't until this past Monday that the family
            learned he had cancer that had spread throughout his body.

            "He said he is ready to go whenever his ministry is over . He's ready to pass on.'

            Donations and telephone calls and offers of help have been coming in from all over , Patricia said, and Salmon's room was
            filled with an unceasing stream of visitors during his stay at Fairbanks Memorial Hospital.

            "The help that we are getting is unbelievable ," she said . "We're really grateful for what everybody is doing to help , especially
            Doyon and TCC."

            Ginger Placeres, Tanana Chiefs newsletter editor, who visited Salmon at the hospital Wednesday morning described Salmon
            as "a pillar of strength in the midst of his visitors."



            8/26/2009
                                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0006494
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                               Page 2 of 2


             "He was still wanting to share his faith. He was talking about God and several (people) were praying with him and for him."

             Salmon was slated to address the 2007 Alaska Federation of Natives Convention in Fairbanks later this month, but its unlikely
             he will make the trip, his family said.

             Contact staff writer Mary Beth Smetzer at 459-7546.




            8/26/2009

                                                                                                                              PRA GSPO1_0006495
