Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                   Page 1 of 1



              Unknown

               From :   Frye, Ivy J (DOA) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                        GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=IJFRYE]
               Sent:    Thursday, October 11, 2007 8:48 AM
               To:      gov.sarah@yahoo.com
               Subject: Ft Rich Soldier

             Gosh, how awesome! I'm glad he's home. If you go meet him, thank him for me too! ... this was in the clips this
             morning.

             Long road to recovery : Fort Rich soldier returns
            Unable to fly from Texas , Fort Richardson soldier returns home by RV

            IBy JAMES HALPIN
            ijhalpin@adn.com
             (Published: October 11, 2007)
             Justin Tauriainen awoke In a hospital bed, unaware a bomb had exploded lethally close to him.
            The explosion killed three others in his vehicle, paralyzed another. Justin was lucky.
            The violent explosion had rocked his head, swelling his brain. He fractured his leg. His fingers were
             broken and he lost leg and arm tissue and muscle. One of his vertebra was shattered.
             Now, more than 4 1/2 months after the horrific attack, Justin is finally back to his post -- and
             hometown -- after migrating north along the Alaska Highway in a giant Dutch Star motor home.
            The trip took about two weeks, but it was necessary, grandfather Jerry Cozzen said. Justin couldn't
            fly. His injuries are still too severe.
            Slightly more than a year after departing the town he grew up in, Justin late Wednesday afternoon
            reached the home he almost never saw again.
            About 15 friends and family members waited for his arrival at the Muldoon overpass on the Glenn
            Highway, waving an American flag and a banner that read, "Welcome Home T-Bone." ...
            A lot of prayers have been said, and they seem to have been answered, Jeri said.
            After all, Justin's favorite book is the King James Bible.
            He'll still have to cope with surviving when his friends didn't. He misses them, he said, and he
            misses being with his unit. He wants to stay in the Army, at least until his enlistment is up.
            That might not be an option.
            Multiple surgeries, a few titanium rods in his back, and a lot of physical therapy later, Justin can
            now, with some difficulty, get around on his own. He still needs more surgery and more therapy,
            but that doesn't guarantee he'll be completely healed.
            "I don't know what's going to happen," Justin said. "I don't know what I'm capable of."
            He's getting better, and it shows. He might never be the same as he once was.
            But he's back.




           8/28/2009

                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0006511
