Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                              Page 1 of 1



              Unknown
               From:    PARNELL, S (GOV sponsored) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                        GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=SRPARNELLI I
               Sent:    Thursday, October 11, 2007 5:20 PM
               To:      'gov.sarah@yahoo.com'
               Subject: Paradigm Shift-volunteers augmenting fed and state dollars

            I went to the first part of a hearing where Sen. Stevens and Sen. Landrieu of Lousiana were
            conducting a field hearing on erosion damage and control related to Shishmaref, Kivalina, and
            Newtok. In talking about federal dollars for relocation efforts, Sen. Landrieu said, "We want
            some kind of a new paradigm--using private sector resources in addition to federal..." "We're
            all struggling with how to do that."

            Larry Hartig and I have been talking about this in the Village Safe Water context -as in how to
            marshall volunteer/nonprofit resources successfully in the villages to accelerate water/sewer
            improvements . We're discussing specifically how to use volunteers alongside villagers in
            Hooper Bay where Samaritans Purse seems to have made some positive inroads by
            incorporating workforce development principles in their home building project (training kids
            from high school in carpentry and the kids getting credit for the work ). DEC's current plan is
            for one cluster of homes to be connected to the w/s system next summer and another cluster
            of homes in Hooper is scheduled for connect in 2009 or 2010 (with a final cluster in old town
            slated for 2012 or 13-though this batch is questionable). We're thinking on how to gather
            volunteer resources with the paid contractors and village labor to connect both clusters of
            homes in one summer construction season (2008) rather than two.

            If it works as a pilot project, maybe it could be used in relocation efforts where Alaskans
            associated with Habitat for Humanity , for example , can voluntarily work to build new homes
            next to paid and volunteer village labor. Ties in with Sen . Landrieu 's remarks about the feds
            looking for a new paradigm -code for, "We can't pay for all this as government ." Just an FYI at
            this point.




            8/25/2009

                                                                                                             PRA GSPO1_0006509
