Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                     Page 1 of 4


              Unknown

               From :       Leschper, Beth (GOV) [beth.Ieschper@alaska.gov]
               Sent:        Friday, October 12, 2007 5:29 PM
               To:          Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored); ExternalEmailgsp
               Cc:      Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Irwin; Tom E (DNR)
               Subject: Arctic Summit Speech
              Thank you, Governor Hickel. (He is on the program before you.)

              We are honored and privileged to host this Arctic Energy Summit. I want to thank all of
              you for traveling from near - and from very far - to join us here in Alaska. I look forward
              to our discussion of the critically important topics that will be covered over the next three
              days.

              I would like to extend sincere and hearty Alaskan welcome to the political, business and
              interest group leaders in attendance.

              (Can delete this section in red below based on what Gov. Hickel says).

              A special welcome to:

                             U.S. Senator Lisa Murkowski
                            The Honorable Olafur Ragnar Grimsson, President of Iceland (pronounced
                             Oh-la-fur Rag-nar Grim-son)
                             Daniel Sullivan, U.S. Assistant Secretary of State
                            Dr. Evgeny Velikhov, President of the Kurchatov Institute in Moscow
                             (pronounced yev-ghen-ee vel-ee-kov)
                            Julian Evans, British Consul General
                            Patricia Cochran, Inuit Circumpolar Council Chair
                            Dr. Dan Arvizu, Director of the U.S. Department of Energy's National
                             Renewable Energy Laboratory (pronounced R-vih-zoo)
                            Bud Fackrell, Senior VP BP Exploration-Alaska
                            James Hemsath, Senior Fellow for Energy, Institute of the North

             I wish to thank the international sponsor of this event - the U.S. State Department. And
             the platinum sponsor - BP.

             I also want to thank the eight-nation Arctic Council for organizing the summit, and the
             Anchorage-based Institute of the North for hosting it.

             (pause)

             This is only the fourth time over the past 125 years that scientists from around the world
             are banding together to organize scientific and exploration programs concentrated in the
             Polar Regions.

             Each Polar Year has been a hallmark of international cooperation in science
             achievement - from the first polar year in 1882 that included research at Point Barrow -
             to the 1932 research that established 40 permanent Arctic research stations - to the


             11/10/2009

                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0006519
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                            Page 2 of 4


              1957 research that confirmed continental drift and discovered the Van Allen Radiation Belt
              encircling the Earth.

              I expect this year will also produce some impressive results from the more than 200 projects
              that 60 nations are conducting in the Arctic and the Antarctic. These projects will include an
              incredible range of physical, biological and social research topics . What a meaningful and
              necessary endeavor as we strive to further and deepen our knowledge of progressive science
              in polar research.

              I know we will look forward to reviewing the data developed in this 2007-2008 Polar Year, and
              using this information as we make energy-related decisions in an informed and proactive
              manner.

              (pause)

             From the Alaska perspective, I would like to talk first about extractive energy. It should come
             as no surprise to anybody here that Alaska views its God-given endowment of oil and gas
             resources as critical to the long-term energy security of the United States . Oil and gas will
             continue to provide a significant portion of our energy needs over the coming decades.

             I was honored three weeks ago today to have been named Chair of the 37-state Interstate Oil
             and Gas Compact Commission. The IOGCC promotes the conservation and efficient recovery
             of the nation's oil and natural gas resources while protecting health , safety and the
             environment.

             I discussed openly with the IOGCC that Alaska will play an increasingly important role in oil
             and gas production within the United States . Alaska currently holds reserves of 37 trillion cubic
             feet of gas and 6 .3 billion barrels of oil.

             This is but a fraction of the undiscovered, technically recoverable resources; more than 200
             trillion cubic feet of natural gas , and 46 billion barrels of oil. These numbers do not include
             unconventional resources such as gas hydrates and heavy oil. As this event's brochure points
             out - "The Arctic is home to more than 25% of the planet's undiscovered reserves of oil and
             natural gas."

             (pause)

             It is no secret that the circum Arctic region is one of the last frontiers for oil and gas reserves.
             Our review of energy policy must always include consideration of the environmental, socio-
             economic and sustainability impacts of these energy projects in the Arctic region . New, more
             efficient and environmentally sensitive extraction technologies will play an increasingly
             important role in the development of these vast resources.

             Alaska is underway with a viable plan to construct a natural gas pipeline to transport North
             Slope natural gas to domestic and foreign markets.

             Why is this such good news? Natural gas is the cleanest of all fossil fuels , and will help bridge
             our nation 's transition to increased reliance on renewable energy sources . A natural gas
             pipeline can easily use many existing oil pipeline corridors, infrastructure and roads. This
             reduces impacts on sensitive Arctic environments by minimizing the footprint. Alaska is deeply
             committed to progress on building a natural gas pipeline.


              11/10/2009

                                                                                                         PRA_GSP01 0006520
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                    Page 3 of 4



              Alaska recently enacted legislation that has commenced a competitive process for qualified
              applicants to propose a pipeline plan . To the best proposal , Alaska will contribute $500 million
              in state matching funds.

              While we cannot diminish its importance , the natural gas pipeline is but one of the extractive
              energy efforts we are pursuing . Alaska will continue to foster a healthy and cooperative climate
              for oil development , both with existing producers and new exploration . We will facilitate the
              commercialization of these reserves , but will do so in a responsible and sensitive a manner.
              This Arctic Energy Summit , and the studies it will spurn , will assist us in that mission.

              (pause)

              I'd also like briefly to discuss renewable sources of energy . I believe that renewable energy -
              particularly when coupled with techniques such as conservation , increased efficiency, and
              carbon capture and storage - is one of the great emerging success stories of the 21 st century
              for the Circum Arctic. Continued development of alternate and renewable sources will be
              crucial to maintaining a viable and sustainable energy portfolio.

              Alaska has a leadership role in defining and testing new technologies in oftentimes harsh and
              extreme environments . Wind, hydro, tidal, biomass, solar, and geothermal will all play
              increasing roles in defining how we meet the challenge of providing affordable and sustainable
              energy to all areas of the Arctic.

             For example, we are proposing Alaska's first geothermal lease sale in more than 20 years,
             offering more than 36,000 acres near Mount Spurr , are receiving tremendous interest in that
             sale.

             No one energy source will suffice, nor is available in all areas . Many areas across the Arctic
             are remote with harsh climactic conditions. As part of my emerging Energy Policy, Alaska's
             Department of Natural Resources and Energy Authority are developing a comprehensive
             database of all energy related information across the state. This information will provide a
             single, web-based source of data for planners and local governments to assess viable
             alternatives and make reasonable choices in their energy future.

             I also recently created Alaska's first sub-cabinet to prepare a climate change strategy for the
             state. There is no doubt that Alaska 's climate is changing . And we are already seeing the
             effects - coastal erosion , thawing permafrost, retreating sea ice and record forest fires that
             affect our communities and our infrastructure. These are changes we must prepare for now.

             I am proud of the cutting edge work being done at the University. Alaska has top-notch scientists working on
             research and models that will inform and guide climate change decisions.

             (pause)

             We are ALL here because we have some interest in the development of energy sources - and
             the manner in which that occurs. I am confident that our energy development efforts will be
             guided, in no small part, by the science produced in this 2007- 2008 Polar Year.

             Armed with knowledge, we can facilitate a sophisticated dialogue, ultimately making smart and
             informed energy-related decisions, maximizing recovery of resources while minimizing

             11/10/2009

                                                                                                                 PRA GSP01_0006521
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                          Page 4 of 4


             environmental impacts.

             I thank you again , and eagerly anticipate the information that will be shared during this Arctic
             Energy Summit and the knowledge that the Polar Year studies will generate.

             Beth Leschper
             Deputy Communications Director
             Office of the Governor
             State of Alaska
             907-465-3443
             907-723-1321




             11/10/2009

                                                                                                         P RAGS P01 _0006522
