Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From :                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
          Sent:                     Friday, October 12, 2007 3:22 PM
          To:                       Crome; Cora J (GOV)
          Cc:                       Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
          Subject:                  Re: Penney Earmark


          Thank you Cora. I look forward to receiving the info from Kris. Thanks for working on
          this.

          Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



          -----Original Message-----

          From : " Crome, Cora J (GOV)" < cora.crome@alaska.gov>



          Date: Fri, 12 Oct 2007 15:22:41

          To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

          Cc:Kris Perry <kris.perry@alaska.gov>, mike.tibbles@alaska.gov

          Subject: Penney Earmark




          Governor,

          Several weeks ago, we received a letter from some Kenai area fishermen requesting that
          Department of Law review ADF&G's handling of federal funds that were earmarked for Bob
          Penney and went to Kenai River Sportfishing Association. We requested that Department of
          Law conduct such a review and received the results today. The review finds that ADF&G
          complied with all applicable state procedures and regulations in their handling of the
          funds.  Law's review was limited to how the funds were handled after they reached the
          state agency and did not address the earmark itself or the congressional process.

          I provided Kris with a copy of the memo from law. She will pass it on to you either this
          evening or at the ACES town hall meeting tomorrow.

         I will draft a response to the parties that requested the investigation letting them know
         the results.  Because law found no deficiencies in ADF&G's handling of the funds, we have
         no basis for taking the actions requested in the letter, such as barring Kenai River
         Sportfishing Association from participating in Board of Fish meetings or cancelling
         outstanding contracts for the remainder of the funds.

         If I can provide any more information, please let me know.

         Thanks,

         Cora




                                                                  1




                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0006525
