Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From                      gov.sarah@yahoo.com
          Sent:                     Friday, October 12, 2007 3:24 PM
          To:                       Colberg; Talis J (LAW); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
          Subject:                  Re: Public Integrity


          Thanks Talis. I look forward to working on this- esp the citizen's advisory committee.



          I anticipate using our Boards and Commissions tool we have in place to find those
          interested citizens willing to serve.

          Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



          -----Original Message-----

          From: "Colberg, Talis J (LAW)" <talis.colberg@alaska.gov>



         Date : Fri, 12 Oct 2007 12:54:32

         To:"Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>

          Cc:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

          Subject: Public Integrity




         Dear Mr . Tibbles,

               I met with the Governor this morning about VECO and related matters. At the end of
         the discussion we were in agreement that legislation should be offered to create a Public
         Integrity Unit in the Dept. of Law. In theory two attys. and support staff to assist APOC
         and be able to pursue integrity issues wherever they might occur. You would be best able
         to direct our actions to achieve that goal: namely, how do we get it into the OMB budget
         process and proposed legislation.  Perhaps you can coordinate a meeting with Rehfeld,
         yourself, me (possibly the Governor) and probably Behr to draft legislation and an
         appropriate fiscal note.



               Similarly, the Governor would like to create a citizen blue ribbon task force to
         assess events and bring closure to the process. We should also discuss enabling
         authority, funding, staffing and goals for such a commission.



                  Call me when you have a chance so we can decide on a process. Thanks Talis




                                                                  1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01 0006524
