Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From :                    Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored) [govpalin c©Dalaska.gov]
           Sent:                     Friday, October 12, 2007 2:16 AM
           To:                       Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
           Subject:                  Comm


           Mike- is mike n finished with Comm Dir job announcement?



          Also, is    Privilege on board now?



          Hope all is well - i haven't heard from you except the one response to ketchikan editorial
          email a few days ago- i know i probably inundate you with messages , but rarely hear hear
          back- just hope I'm not dumping too much more on your plate with my
          messages / requests / questions , etc. Been trying to go through Kris and others for much of
          these things to lessen burden on you.




          Also, though, we need to discuss soon leg priorities so we have a quality package rolled
          out soon.



          And did you and Karen get my message about biz lic fee reduction request again this year?



          Finally- AFN speech is coming up soon... Can randy (or who?) start drafting? Maybe Ana?



          I meet with Talis on VECO tomorrow- he said he's been talking to you about it- I'm still
          counting on doing all we can from the state's side to clean up the mess... don't know if
          Talis has any course-change thoughts on that after your conversations, but it's important
          to me to make sure we're not in Fed's way with investigations but can still fufill state
          obligations with corruptions issues as they apply to former admin and VECO.



          Thanks!




                                                                   1




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0006541
