Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From :                    Tibbles, Michael A (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                   GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=MATIBBLES]
         Sent:                     Friday, October 12 , 2007 11:12 AM
         To:                       Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored)
         Subject:                  RE: Comm


         I know I have not been in direct contact but I have been communicating through others just
         to help keep things going. I know Talis, Annette, Sharon etc. have emailed you at my
         request.  I hope that has been OK.



        There is a lot going on and today I am trying to keep things moving working with the Karen
        on the budget and Russ on the legislative proposals. The agencies did not come forward
        with many changes to round 2 of the budget requests. Prioritizing will be a very
        difficult process but we can bring focus to the almost overwhelming number of proposals by
        tying our bills and budget back to our overall priorities. In the last couple of days
        Russ has received the final legislative proposals/requests from the agencies and we will
        scope them out make recommendations on which would be good Governor bills and which would
        be good to shop to individual legislators.



        Nizich is done with the job posting for communications. I will have it sent to Anchorage
        for your review.
        Privile ged or Personal Material Redacted                                        If you would like t
        change the approach or discuss this further, I would appreciate your thought.                     Privileged or
        Privileged or Personal Material Redacted



        MacKinnon talked to Privileg yesterday and I think Leo is talking to him today. MacKinnon
        developed a two page job description that I will send to you but I heard that          may
        be concerned that he will get stuck at a desk. MacKinnon thinks that Privile   will be
        perfect for the position and I think if he accepts, we can finalize quickly. I will call
        MacKinnon today to get the latest.



        The business license fee bill is still active. My last conversation with the Speaker was
        optimistic.  We can make sure it is on our list for legislative priorities and work with
        the committees to get it through this year. I would say the odds are better this year.



        I will keep working with Talis regarding investigations. If you would like I can dial in
        today.  Since Talis and I already talked, the AG may feel more comfortable having a one on
        one meeting.



        Overall, the last couple of days have been rough.            Privileged or Personal Material Redacted
       Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




                                                             1




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0006564
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




       Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




        If you would like me to come up Monday for the ADN editorial board meeting I can.
        Otherwise, I will keep working away here getting some of our priority recommendations
        ready for your review.



        Mike




        -----Original Message-----

        From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

        Sent: Friday, October 12, 2007 2:16 AM

        To: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)

        Subject: Comm



        Mike- is mike n finished with Comm Dir job announcement?



        Also, is   Privilege on board now?


        Hope all is well - i haven't heard from you except the one response to ketchikan editorial
        email a few days ago- i know i probably inundate you with messages, but rarely hear hear
        back- just hope I'm not dumping too much more on your plate with my
        messages/requests/questions, etc. Been trying to go through Kris and others for much of
        these things to lessen burden on you.



        Also, though, we need to discuss soon leg priorities so we have a quality package rolled
        out soon.



        And did you and Karen get my message about biz lic fee reduction request again this year?
                                                         2




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0006565
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Finally- AFN speech is coming up soon... Can randy (or who?) start drafting? Maybe Ana?




         I meet with Talis on VECO tomorrow- he said he's been talking to you about it- I'm still
         counting on doing all we can from the state's side to clean up the mess... don't know if
         Talis has any course-change thoughts on that after your conversations, but it's important
         to me to make sure we're not in Fed's way with investigations but can still fufill state
         obligations with corruptions issues as they apply to former admin and VECO.




         Thanks!




                                                       3



                                                                                                   PRA_GSPO1_0006566
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



               Sean                                                                                                  Page 1 of 1


               Unknown

               From :    PARNELL, S (GOV sponsored) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                         GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=SRPARNELL1 ]
               Sent:     Saturday, October 13, 2007 11:30 AM
               To:       Sarah Palin
              Subject : RE: Sean
              What's the press avail on Monday? Sean


              From: gov .sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]
              Sent: Sat 10/13/2007 10:31 AM
              To: Mason, Janice L (GOV)
              Cc: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV); PARNELL, S (GOV sponsored)
              Subject: Sean

              I still need to keep on sked for monday the drop-in mtg with Sean. Thanks!
              Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One




              11/10/2009

                                                                                                                   PRA GSPO1_0006567
