Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From:                     gov.sarah@yahoo.com
          Sent:                     Sunday, October 14, 2007 8:01 PM
          To:                       Jackson; Karleen K (HSS); Mason ; Janice L (GOV); Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Fradley; Tara D
                                    (GOV)
          Subject :                 Re: Info for Health Council


          Tara-would you format and print for my drop in tomorrow with Karleen. Thanks

          Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



          -----Original Message-----

          From: "Jackson, Karleen K (HSS)" <karleen.jackson@alaska.gov>



          Date: Sun, 14 Oct 2007 15:08:56

          To:"Mason , Janice L ( GOV)" <janice . mason@alaska . gov>,"Perry ,            Kristina Y (GOV)"
          <kris . perry@alaska.gov>

          Cc:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

          Subject: Info for Health Council




          Below are some bullet points for potential use at the Health Council.      Our department
          website has a link to the health council that includes a list of all the Council members,
          and I believe they will all be present except Rod Bettit who will be on the phone from
          Utah.



           Call if there's anything else I can do to help.               Privileged Q or Privileged



           K



           *Thanks for all the time and effort you've all spent on the Health Council - not only at
          these meetings, but also reading material and evaluating what's important for us to
          consider in Alaska.



           *Thanks for working transparently so all interested Alaskans can watch your discussions
          either in person, by webcast, or soon via Gavel to Gavel.



           *Thanks for spending the first half of your time together identifying facts upon which
          strategies can be developed, so there is a solid foundation for us to build our health
          care reform efforts on.



                                                                   1




                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0006582
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           *Thanks for both bringing your unique concerns to this work , and for setting aside your
          perspective when needed to reach consensus on what will be the best possible health
          strategies for all Alaskans.



           *Thanks for identifying specific individual strategies so they can be incorporated into
          policies , regulations or statutes that will improve our health care system in Alaska.



           *And,  most important , thanks for focusing on ways to increase the health of people in
          our state rather than just dealing with care for those who are not healthy.



           *I look forward to receiving your short and long term strategies in January , and am happy
          to lead the way in helping Alaskans make healthy choices by setting an example for others
          to follow.



           *You guys are awesome and your work is so important to the future of the people in our
          state.



            * Thanks for taking on this challenge.




                                                           2




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0006583
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                                                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


              Alaska State Council on the Arts -- E-Communique                                                                                  Page 1 of 11


              Unknown
              From:         Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
              Sent:         Monday, October 15, 200711:07 AM
              To:           Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
              Subject: FW: AKSCA eCommunique October 2007



             From: AKSCA eCommunique [mailto: gina.brown @alaska.gov]
             Sent: Friday, October 12, 2007 3:11 PM
             To: Palin , Sarah H (GOV)
             Subject: AKSCA eCommunique October 2007


             (Mailing list Information, including unsubscription instructions, is located at the end of this message.)


              n Alaska State Council on the Arts -- E-Newsletter




                      A Note From Charlotte

                      2007 Governor's Awards for
                      the Arts and Humanities
                                                                                                                               Mission
                      Connie Boochever Fellows                                      The Alaska State Council on the Arts is a state agency tY
                      Announced
                                                                                  development of the arts for all Alaskans through educatioi
                      FY 08 American /Alaskan                                                                            grants and services.
                      Masterpieces Grants

                      Arts In Education News


                     The Alaska Contemporary Art                                 A Note From Charlotte
                     Bank                                                        This time of year Is always a hectic one around the Arts Cc

                     Contact Council                                             Communique is a bit abbreviated as a result. However, the
                                                                                 number of important announcements, events and deadline
                     Contact Staff
                                                                                 we want to make you all aware.


                                                                                First, a brief report on a recent statewide meeting of local
                                                                                that we held in Juneau last month. This was the first time
                                                                                that local arts agencies had a chance to network and learn
                                                                                workshops leaders from the Americans for the Arts provide
                                                                                of information and history for representatives of 14 local a
                                                                                Representatives were there from communities such as Dill




             11/10/2009

                                                                                                                                                PRA GSPO1_0006584
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


              Alaska State Council on the Arts -- E-Communique                                                               Page 2 of 11


                                                        Seldovia, Haines and Wrangell in addition to the five large arts councils in
                                                        Fairbanks, Kodiak, Homer, Ketchikan and Juneau. The meeting was
                                                        hosted by the Juneau Arts and Humanities Council, and was sponsored
                                                        through a grant from the Rasmuson Foundation.


                                                        Next week, October 19, the Southeast Alaska Indian Culture Center in
                                                        Sitka will be hosting a one day Native Artist summit in collaboration with
                                                        ASCA. For more Information, contact SEAICC at seaicc      Ac i.net


                                                        IMPORTANT DEADLINES: As we begin to gear up for fall around the state,
                                                        I want to remind you all of ASCA deadlines. Information on all of these
                                                        opportunities is at our website: www.eed.state.ak,us/aksLa. November 1
                                                        is the Artists in Schools deadline for Round II as well as for the Teaching
                                                        Artist Roster. December 1 is the next quarterly deadline for all small
                                                        grant categories, as well as the Alaskan/American Masterpieces grants for
                                                        FY 09. See related story on this below.


                                                        I also must make sure to recognize Glacier Valley Elementary School in
                                                       Juneau. They recently were one of five schools nationally who received
                                                       the prestigious Creative Ticket National School of Distinction from the
                    Three of the Awards Created By
                    Carla Potter for the Governor's    Kennedy Center. The Kennedy Center had the following to say about this
                    Awards For The Arts Recipients
                            Photo : Chris Arend        innovative arts education program. For a complete tour of this program,
                                                       click on the link below and then click on Art is Elementary. There you'll
                       xl
                                                       find streamed videos, art gallery, etc. htto://www.isd.kl2.ak.us/ov/


                                                       Glacier Valley Elementary School , Grades K-6, Juneau, AK
                                                       The Glacier Valley Elementary School staff and parents firmly believe in
                                                       the power of the arts, and that all students should have access to quality
                                                       arts experiences, regardless of their financial means. Glacier Valley Is a
                                                       Title I school in Juneau, Alaska.
                    Governor ' s Awards For The Arts
                      Recipient : Dana Stabenow
                                                       To meet a variety of student learning needs and styles, the school has

                     lx!                               adopted an approach that integrates the arts into everyday classroom
                                                       learning as a way to encourage, motivate and extend learning Into other
                                                       subject areas. With the help of community members and school fund-
                                                       raisers, the Glacier Valley Parent Group and the schools' dedicated team
                                                       of teachers have been instrumental in securing weekly arts-integrated
                                                       and art specific experiences through the Art Is Elementary program.
                                                       Modeled after sports team funding, each classroom is sponsored by local
                                                       organizations and businesses, which also helps build relationships
                                                       between students and community.
                    Governor 's Awards For The Arts
                      Recipient : Katherine Wade
                                                       This program addresses a variety of art forms, and acts as professional




             11/10/2009

                                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0006585
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


              Alaska State Council on the Arts -- E-Communique                                                                    Page 3 of 11


                                                            development for teachers who are with the class when receiving art
                         Fx1                                instruction. In just one year, Glacier Valley's community partnerships
                                                            have doubled from 24 to 50, helping to build a bridge between school and
                                                            local community businesses . Though the program has existed for only
                                                            two years , they have seen Improvement In student attendance, test
                                                            scores and lower incidences of behavior problems.


                                                           Also be sure to read the rest of this Communique- there are stories about
                                                            your fellow Alaskans who are being recognized through the Connie

                        Governor ' s Awards For The Arts
                                                            Boochever Fellowship or the Governor ' s Awards for the Arts for all their
                              Recipient: 3o Scott
                                                           contributions to Alaska' s creative community.
                                                       i

                                                            I apologize in advance if I have left out news that should be in here. You
                                                           can expect a more comprehensive newsletter in December.
                                                           Back to Top


                                                           2007 Governor 's Awards For The Arts And
                          Connie Boochever Fellow :        Humanities
                                 Annie Duffy
                                                           The Alaska State Council on the Arts and The Alaska Humanities Forum
                          j                                are proud to announce the following recipients of the GovernorA's Awards
                                                           for the Arts and Humanities. The awards will be presented at a dinner on
                                                           Friday, October 26, 6 pm at the Fairbanks Princess Lodge. The awards
                                                           event will be hosted by the Fairbanks Arts Association.


                                                           Also available at the dinner, as part of ASCAA 's ongoing efforts to provide
                                                           opportunities for Alaskan artists, will be the sale of original centerpieces.
                                                           All proceeds of centerpieces go back to the artists A- this is not a
                                                           fundraiser for ASCA . Participating artists are ; Jamie Autry, James
                                                           Brashear, Peter Brondz , Bill Brody, Sean Denning Barnes , Rachelle
                          Connie Boochever Fellow:         Dowdy , Susan Farnham , Asia Freeman , Sandy Gillespie , Holly Gittlein,
                               Asia Freeman
                                                           Steve Godfrey , Chris Hanson , John Jay Hoover, Martina John, Gary
                    I                                      Kaulitz, Les Matz , Da-ka -zeen Mehner, Art Oomittuk, Sheryl Marie Reilly,
                        u
                                                           Evie Witten and Nelda Warkentin.


                                                           Recipients Of The Governor ' s Awards For The
                                                           Arts
                                                           Dana Stabenow, Homer
                                                           Individual Artist Award
                                                           Dana Stabenow was born in Anchorage and raised on a 75 -foot fish
                          Connie Boochever Fellow:
                            Elizabeth Eero Irving          tender in the Gulf of Alaska . In 1982 she received an MFA from the
                                                           University of Alaska Anchorage and began her illustrious writing career.
                                                           DanaA's first science fiction novel, Second Star was published in 1991,
                                                           and her first crime fiction novel, A Cold Day for Murder won an Edgar




             11/10/2009

                                                                                                                                  PRA GSPO1_0006586
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


              Alaska State Council on the Arts -- E-Communique                                                          Page 4 of 11


                                                    award in 1993. Her first thriller, Blindfold Game (2006) hit the NYT
                      rXt
                                                    bestseller list, and her twenty-fourth novel, Prepared for Rage, comes out
                                                    in February 2008.



                        Connie Boochever Fellow:
                                                    Katherine Wade , Chickaloon
                             Buzz Schwall           Margaret Nick Cooke Award
                                                    The Margaret Nick Cooke Award was started in 1998 by her family after
                                                    Margaret died of cancer. The purpose of the award is to recognize
                                                    Individuals and organizations whose work furthers traditional Alaska
                                                    Native language and culture. Katherine Wade is an honored Elder of the
                                                    traditional village of Chickaloon. She serves as the Chickaloon Traditional
                                                    Council Advisor and official Clan Grandmother. Katherine is an Ahtna
                                                    storyteller and a respected Ahtna Athabascan teacher who visualized the
                                                    preservation of culture and was Instrumental in the creation of the Ya Ne
                                                    Dah Ah School for the children of Chickaloon.


                                                   Jo Ryman Scott, Fairbanks
                                                   The Distinguished Advocacy Award
                                                   A South Dakota farm girl, Scott began teaching right out of high school
                                                   50+ years ago in a one room school house with all eight grades. She had
                                                   her eye on teaching overseas but In those days, you had to be 25 to
                                                   teach in the Army Schools in Europe. She decided to come to Alaska, and
                                                   chose Fairbanks, teaching general music at Denali School. In 1985 she co
                                                   founded the Fairbanks Summer Arts Festival, which has grown from 100
                                                   to over 1,000 participants annually In its 27 years. It Is now a two week
                                                   festival which attracts leading artists from across Alaska and the US to
                                                   perform and exhibit. Jo Ryman Scott is the driving force behind this
                                                   incredible event, and houses the offices for the festival in her home.


                                                   Holland America Line, statewide
                                                   Business Leadership in the Arts
                                                   Holland America has been a supporter of arts and culture during the last
                                                   10 years, having provided support for organizations as diverse as the
                                                   Alaska Native Heritage Center in Anchorage, the new Morris Thompson
                                                   Cultural Center in Fairbanks, the Juneau Arts and Humanities Council and
                                                   Juneau Jazz and Classics.


                                                   Recipients Of The Governor 's Awards For The
                                                   Humanities
                                                   Victor Fischer, Anchorage
                                                   Distinguished Service to the Humanities


                                                   Marsha Hotch, Haines



             11/10/2009

                                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0006587
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


              Alaska State Council on the Arts -- E-Communique                                                        Page 5 of 11


                                                 Distinguished Service to the Humanities


                                                 Dagmar Phillips, Anchorage
                                                 Alaska History and Cultural Studies Teacher of the Year


                                                 The award presented to the Arts awardees were created this year by
                                                 Homer artist Carla Potter . The Humanities Awards were designed by
                                                Tamara Johannes , Anchorage.


                                                 For more information about the award recipients or the awards dinner,
                                                contact the Alaska State Council on the Arts at 907.269 . 6610 or
                                                1.888 . 278.7424.
                                                Back to To


                                                Connie Boochever Fellows Announced
                                                The Alaska State Council on the Arts and the Alaska Arts and Culture
                                                Foundation recently chose four individuals to receive this yearA's Connie
                                                Boochever Fellowships In the visual arts, The $2,500 fellowship is for
                                                emerging artists, and each year the disciplines alternate between
                                                performing, literary and visual arts.


                                                Annie Duffy, Fairbanks . Annie Duffy is a sculptor, who received her
                                                MFA in 1999 from the Pratt Institute in Brooklyn, N.Y. She works a great
                                                deal with cast paper, wood and acrylic, and says that the A"process of
                                                how I make my pieces and what they mean to me are as important as
                                               the objects themselves.A" Ms. Duffy plans to use this fellowship towards
                                                her new project, creating a specific body of work relating to both
                                               biochemistry and sense of place.


                                               Asia Freeman , Homer . Asia is best known as the director of the
                                               Bunnell Gallery, but she Is also a photographer, having received her MFA
                                               in sculpture and photography from Union Institute and University. She is
                                               creating a new body of work that she describes as A"creating an
                                               Installation involving my photographs, electricity, glass and plastic. I am
                                               interested in exploring the question of what is nature at this time in our
                                               cultural evolutionA". Ms. Freeman will use the fellowship to assist her in
                                               completing this project.


                                               Elizabeth Eero Irving, Fairbanks . Elizabeth is a painter and is
                                               working toward increasing the visibility of her work through group shows
                                               and juried exhibits. She received her BFA from Cornish College in 1996,
                                               and has recently been accepted into her first solo shows during the
                                               upcoming year. Ms. Irving will use the fellowship funds to prepare for the



            11/10/2009

                                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0006588
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


              Alaska State Council on the Arts -- E-Communique                                                        Page 6 of 11


                                                 shows, as well as take A"a small but significant amount of time off of
                                                 wage earning workA".


                                                 Buzz Schwall, Anchorage . Buzz Schwall is a marionette builder and
                                                 theater artist, creating and carving all the characters for his productions.
                                                 He did not discover this art form until he was 50 years old, when he
                                                 traveled to Prague to participate in a marionette building workshop. He
                                                 has been working as a marionette artist ever since, and will use the
                                                 Connie Boochever Fellowship to launch a new project which will involve,
                                                 among other characters, creating and building insect marionettes. Mr.
                                                Schwall also stated in his application that this award is important
                                                A"because there is a certain amount of confidence that comes with being
                                                awarded a grant from peersA".
                                                Back to Tog



                                                FY 08 American / Alaskan Masterpieces Grants
                                                Now Available
                                                DEADLINE FOR ROUND 1 of FY 09 (July 1, 2008 -June 30,
                                                2009 ): December 1, 2007.
                                                The Alaska State Council on the Arts Is soliciting letters of intent from
                                                organizations interested in applying for funds through the
                                                American/Alaskan Masterpieces Grant program. This Is an ASCA program,
                                                and separate from the NEA direct American Masterpieces grants to
                                                organizations.


                                                Theme of Alaskan/ American Masterpieces Grant Program:
                                                Grants will to be awarded to organizations that present or produce
                                                events , residencies or exhibits that honor the theme of American or
                                                Alaskan masterworks or master artists.
                                                Some example projects:
                                                · A tour of American jazz masterworks;
                                                · A production by a legendary Alaskan composer, choreographer or
                                                playwright;
                                                · An exhibit demonstrating the cultural tradition of Alaska Native
                                                basketry;
                                                · An arts education awareness program featuring Alaskan artists;
                                                · An exhibit of a well known American or Alaskan contemporary artist;
                                                · A month long residency in a community with a recognized master artist;
                                               For more information, visit the ASCA website.
                                               Back to Ton


                                               Arts In Education News
                                               Poetry Out Loud



              11/10/2009

                                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0006589
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


              Alaska State Council on the Arts -- E-Communique                                                        Page 7 of 11


                                                 Deadline for teachers to sign up for this yearA 's high school
                                                 Poetry Out Loud competition is November 9, 20071 Contact
                                                Susan Olson, Arts Education Director for the Alaska State Council on the
                                                Arts at (907) 269-6682 or toll-free in Alaska at 1-888-278-7424 or visit
                                                www.poetryoutloud.oro for more Information.


                                                The National Endowment for the Arts and the Poetry Foundation present
                                                Poetry Out Loud: National Recitation Contest, in partnership with the
                                                Alaska State Council on the Arts. Poetry Out Loud is a program that
                                                encourages high school students to learn about great poetry through
                                                memorization , performance and competition . From September, 2007
                                                through February, 2008 , schools are Invited to participate in classroom
                                                and school wide contests, advancing to a state competition in March,
                                                2008 . State champions will advance to the National Finals , to take place
                                                on April 27- 29, 2008 in Washington, DC.


                                                Poetry Out Loud seeks to foster the next generation of literary readers by
                                                capitalizing on the latest trends In poetry A- recitation and performance.
                                                The program builds on the resurgence of poetry as an oral art form, as
                                                seen in the slam poetry movement and the immense popularity of rap
                                                music among youth . Poetry Out Loud invites the dynamic aspects of slam
                                                poetry, spoken word and theater into the English class . Through Poetry
                                                Out Loud , students can master public speaking skills, build self-
                                                confidence and learn about their literary heritage.


                                                ARTISTS IN SCHOOLS A- ROUND II GRANT APPLICATIONS
                                                DUE NOVEMBER 1
                                               Grant applications are available for the Alaska State Council on the ArtsA'
                                               Artists in Schools Program (AIS). AIS will be funding a second round of
                                               applications for school residencies In the upcoming school year (2007-
                                               2008). Matching fees paid by schools remain reduced, and, at the same
                                               time, the Artists in Schools Program has increased the fee amount paid to
                                               Individual artists. The AIS program is made possible through partnership
                                               between the Alaska State Council on the Arts and the National
                                               Endowment for the Arts, with additional support through the Rasmuson
                                               Foundation.
                                               The Artists In Schools Program makes opportunities possible for
                                               students and teachers to work with professional artists through a
                                               full-time residency in their school for a minimum of two weeks.
                                               Any school in Alaska Is eligible to apply.
                                               Need more information?
                                               · Applications and guidelines for Artists in Schools are available online
                                               only at: htto://alaska.coweb.org




             11/10/2009

                                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0006590
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


             Alaska State Council on the Arts -- E-Communique                                                         Page 8 of 11


                                                · Deadline for applications: November 1, 2007 . Late applications will
                                                not be forwarded to the Council or considered for funding.
                                                · For more information about the State Arts CouncilA's Artists in Schools
                                                Program, call Program Director Susan Olson at (907) 269-6682, email
                                                Susan.Olsonl@alaska.gov, or call toll free: 1-888-278-7424.


                                               The arts are vital to a complete education . The arts celebrate
                                                multiple perspectives ; the arts teach children that problems can
                                                have more than one solution ; the arts stimulate language, both
                                               spoken and written and develop critical skills.


                                               TEACHING ARTIST ROSTER DEADLINE IS NOVEMBER 1
                                               The Artists In Schools Program (AIS) Is looking for professional teaching
                                               artists in Visual, Literary, Traditional Native and Performing art forms with
                                               a strong desire to share their skills with Alaskan students and teachers
                                               through school residencies. If this sounds like you, please call (907) 269-
                                               6682 or email Susan.Olsonl(aalaska.oov to see how you can be a part of
                                               the State Arts CouncilA's Artists in Schools residency program.
                                               Application forms are also available online at: www.eed.state.ak.us/aksca
                                               under Arts Education.


                                               This year applications will be accepted from visual, literary and
                                               performance artists. Visual and literary arts include painting, sculpture,
                                               printmaking, media arts, poetry, playwriting, fiction and non-fiction
                                               writers, as well as Alaska Native arts such as bead working, basketry,
                                               quilting and kayak and sled building. Performance arts include actors,
                                               puppeteers, singers, dancers, mimes, circus artists, as well as Alaska
                                               Native drummers, dancers and storytellers.
                                               Applications are due by November 1, 2007.


                                               The Artists in Schools Program provides an opportunity for artists
                                               to work in a variety of art forms. Through AIS, artists are able to share
                                               their skills with students via a residency In a variety of situations ranging
                                               from large urban schools to very small bush schools from two to sixteen
                                               weeks . Artists also provide teacher training and demonstrate their
                                               professional skills to community members . Artists are paid a fee , given a
                                               supplies budget and travel expenses . Food and housing are also provided.
                                               All funding support is through the Alaska State Council on the Arts and
                                               the National Endowment for the Arts, a federal agency and sponsoring
                                               schools, with additional support from the Rasmuson Foundation.


                                               For more information about the State Arts CouncilA's Artists in Schools
                                               Program or for an application, call (907) 269-6682 or email




             11/10/2009

                                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0006591
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


              Alaska State Council on the Arts -- E-Communique                                                         Page 9 of 11


                                                 Susan . Olson l (aalaska.ciov


                                                 Arts Educator Award Grant Applications Available
                                                 The Alaska State Council on the Arts, in partnership with the Rasmuson
                                                 Foundation and the Alaska Arts & Culture Foundation, is pleased to
                                                 announce the availability of applications for the Arts Educator Grant.
                                                There are two deadlines for this grant: December 1, 2007 and March 1,
                                                2008. This is a postmark deadline.


                                                This grant is designed to encourage the reconnection of art teachers to
                                                the practice of their art . Four awards , each up to $3,000 , are available for
                                                K-12 arts educators whose primary responsibility is arts Instruction,
                                                teaching a minimum of three years and permanently assigned full or part
                                                time in an Alaskan school.


                                                Applications and guidelines are available at:
                                                www.eed .state .ak.us / aksca under Arts Education . For more
                                                information about this grant, please contact the Alaska State
                                                Council on the ArtsA ' Arts Education office at (907 ) 269-6682, or
                                                toll-free in Alaska at 1-888 -278-7424.
                                                Back to Top


                                                The Alaska Contemporary Art Bank
                                                Check out the Art Bank on the Web
                                               The ASCA web site has a link to the Contemporary Art Bank, where you
                                               can view a good selection of art available through the program. In an
                                               effort to make the Art Bank more accessible to all our borrowers, the
                                               images will be updated regularly so that generally the work posted Is
                                               work that is available for loan. The selections posted are representative of
                                               the collection as whole , with a variety of images , mediums and sizes. So
                                               even If you donA ' t Initially see something you like, check back as we hope
                                               to update the images monthly.
                                               Back to Too


                                               The web site also has information on who Is eligible for the program and
                                               how to contact the Art Bank.


                                               Council Contact Information
                                               Benjamin Brown - CHAIR (Douglas) beniamino1789CThotmail.com
                                               Gail Niebrugge VICE CHAIR ( Palmer) niebrucia(almatonline.net
                                               Jocelyn Clark (Juneau) iocelvn(aiocelvnclark.com
                                               Vera Crews (Anchorage) consult(&veracrews. com
                                               Micky Becker (Anchorage) becker©aci.net



             11/10/2009

                                                                                                                     PRA GSP01 0006592
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


              Alaska State Council on the Arts -- E-Communique                                             Page 10 of 11


                                                Peggy MacDonald Ferguson (Fairbanks) oeaferguson@ ci.net
                                                Sven Haakanson, Jr. (Kodiak) sven@alutiigmuseum.com
                                                Nancy Harbour (Anchorage) nharbour@alaskaRac.org
                                                Theresa John ( Bethel ) Istl@uaf.edu
                                                John Kohler (Fairbanks) kohleriiCctruralalaska.net
                                                Aryne Randall (Anchorage) arvne.k.randall@wellsfargo.com


                                                Staff Contact Information:

                                                Charlotte Fox, Executive Director
                                                (907) 269-6607 charlotte.fox@alaska.gov


                                                Saunders McNeill , Native and Community Arts Program Director
                                                (907) 269-6603 saunders.mcneill@alaska.gov


                                                Andrea Noble, Visual and Literary Arts Program Director
                                                (907) 269-6605 andrea.noble@alaska.gov


                                                Gina Signe Brown , Administrative Manager I
                                                (907) 269-6608 gina.brown@alaska.gov


                                                Susan Olson, Arts in Education Program Director
                                                (907) 269-6682 susan.olsonl@ataska.gov


                                                Janelle Matz, Alaska Contemporary Art Bank Manager
                                                (907) 269-6604 ianelle.matz@alaska.gov


                                                Ruby (Office Mascot)
                                                (907) I-wanna-bone




                                               For additional contact information, please visit our website:
                                               www. eed.state.ak. us/aksca


                                               Back to Too


                                                                       Duplicate Newsletter?
                                                                      Please contact Gina Brown


                                                                      Want to Unsubscribe?
                                                                               Click Here




             11/10/2009

                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0006593
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                                               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


              Alaska State Council on the Arts -- E-Communique                                                                                                                  Page 11 of 11




                                                                                                                                 Mission
                                                                                    The Alaska State Council on the Arts exists to enhance cultural development in the state

                                                                                               by ensuring that art of the highest quality is accessible to all Alaskans,


                                                                                          Art matters                            ArTS - Education for Life

                                                                                    Copyright c 2007 , Alaska State Council on the Arts, all rights reserved




              The following information is a reminder of your current mailing list subscription;


             You are subscribed to the following list:


             AKSCA eCommunique


             using the following email:


             sarahjmllia@gov.stsw*.ak.us


             You may automatically unsubscribe from this list at any time by visiting the following URL:

             hlwp    9.90.136.138/cai-binldada/mail.cei/u/mailina/


             If the above URL is inoperable , make sure that you have copied the entire address . Some mail readers will wrap a long URL and thus break this automatic unsubscribe mechanism.


             You may also change your subscription by visiting this list's main screen:

             htto://69.90. 136.138/cai-bin/dada tmail.cei/list/mai ling


             If you're still having trouble, please contact the fist owner at;


             aina.brown ilialaska.aov


             The following physical address is associated with this mailing list:


             411 West 4th Avenue, STE 1E - Anchorage, AK 99501-2343




             11/10/2009

                                                                                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0006594
