Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From :                    Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored) [govpalin@alaska.gov]
           Sent:                     Saturday, October 13, 2007 10:54 AM
           To:                       Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
           Cc:                       Ruaro; Randall P (GOV); MacKinnon; John S (DOT); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Leschper;
                                     Beth (GOV); Colberg; Talis J (LAW); Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
           Subject:                  Re: AMATS decision / David Ramseur / MOA Press Release on Victory in Lawsuit


           Here's my take: I agreed with Begich on this one when, as a member of the public and a
           former Mayor, I recognized his attempts to keep local control. I'm with him. I don't think
           it does us any harm to admit that- I did not agree with Stevens on trying to get on the
           board to tell the local community what they could or couldn't do with $ and local
           priorities.



           I know the arguments on both sides and the need for state govt accountability, but I agree
           with the court on this, and again had agreed with Begich making a stink about Stevens'
           stubborness/insistence on this. I have to be honest with you so you know where I'm coming
           from if/when I'm asked publicly about it. I intend for us to join Begich's admin in their
           statement and I do not want to appeal... Sharon can get that word to Ramseur.



           I know, I know- we dont want to give marky mark a victory here, but I can't support the
           previous admin' s (and Stevens ') actions on the AMATS issue.



           Thanks[



           ----- Original Message -----

           From: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)

           To: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

           CC: Ruaro, Randall P (GOV); MacKinnon,          John S (DOT)

           Sent: Sat Oct 13 10:43:02 2007

           Subject: FW: AMATS decision / David Ramseur / MOA Press Release on Victory in Lawsuit



          Governor,



          A while back when we met with Mayor Begich (not the last time in Anchorage but the time
          prior), he raise the issue of a lawsuit between the State and the Municipality. The
          lawsuit is regarding the membership of the Anchorage Metropolitan Area Transportation
          Solutions (AMATS).       You may recall the Ben Stevens legislation that started a legal battle
          as well as a political conflict between Ben and the Mayor. Department of Law Privileaed or Pe
          Privileged or Personal but yesterday the courts ruled in what appears to be against the State.


          I have included an email from David Ramseur below requesting we join them in a statement.
          I am sure it will be just as friendly as the last time they requested we join a press
          release.
                                                                  1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0006575
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




         Privileged or Personal Material Redacted                  Thank you.


          Mike




          ----- Original message -----

          From: Ramseur , David S. <RamseurDS@ci.anchorage . ak.us>

          To: MacKinnon ,    John S (DOT) .

          Cc: Abbott, Michael K. <AbbottMK@ci.anchorage. ak.us>

          Sent : Fri Oct 12 14:36:44 2007

          Subject: AMATS decision



          John:



          I trust you heard about the decision in our long-standing AMATS case, which as we read it,
          found for the city (attached ). We plan to issue a news release early next week on this and
          since it was a "friendly " lawsuit , would certainly welcome a quote from a state official
          such as you or the commissioner . Let us know if you want to join up.



          Thanks - David




                                                             2




                                                                                                        PRA_GSPO1 _0006576
