Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Unknown
               From :                  Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
               Sent:                   Tuesday, October 16, 2007 2:18 PM
               To:                     ragallaher@hotmail.com
               Subject:                RE: Legal and lawsuits


              Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
              information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
              unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
              being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
              need, suggestion, or comment.




               -----Original Message-----

              From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

              Sent: Tuesday, October 16, 2007 2:28 PM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Subject: Legal and lawsuits



              Web mail from: Mr. Richard Gallaher

       i      address :   735 West 4th Avenue Anchorage AK 99501

                907-274-6397




              MESSAGE:

              Dear Governor Palin,

                   I recently found out that William Carey has been nominated for a judgeship in Sitka.
              I am writing in support of his appointment. Let me relate a couple of personal stories
              that cause me to believe he would be a wise choice.

                   I have been a friend of Bill's wife, Kathleen for several years. Kathleen and I have
              a mutual love/hatred of politics and talk at length about everything political. Bill, for
              the most part, just ignores us. I think this says something about the man. He has never,
              at least in my presence, taken a side or position. I'm sure he must have an opinion but
              he keeps it to himself.

                   Bill and I are of Irish descent . I am a militant Irish Nationalist. As such, I
              constantly try to elicit a response or reaction from those with whom I discuss Irish
              politics.  I would suspect he is an Irish Nationalist, but whatever his opinion, he keeps
              it to himself.

                   I believe Bill to be thoughtful, deliberate, and very conservative. Qualities, I
              believe, that make Bill Carey an excellent choice for a judgeship.

                   Thank you for considering my opinion .  If you have any other questions about Mr.
              Carey that I can answer , please feel free to call... 907-274-6397

              Best Regards,

                                                                   1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0006641
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Richard Gallaher

               735 West 4th Avenue

               Anchorage, Alaska 99501




               ragallaher@hotmail.com

               PLEASE ADD TO E-NEWS




                                                         2
