Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Unknown
               From:                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
               Sent:                   Tuesday, October 16, 2007 9:09 PM
               To:                     PARNELL; S (GOV sponsored)
               Subject:                Re: Young/Murkowski


               Still am confused why, when we were working on the bridge press release fora week (with
               Katz and Persily) and the delegation's staff was told, why Lisa and Ted publicly claimed
               they were surprised.

               I had called Don personally a couple of months ago to ask if any more fed $ was coming for
               the bridge - he said no - I said it just couldn't be a high priority for the state - he
               said "don't even think about giving that $ back", I assured him we wouldn't, we'd spend it
               wisely on infrastructure.



               I met with Stevens a couple of days ago. He did most of the talking, we agreed to disagree
               on what to expect with AGIA (he thinks it's too late to get our gas to market), it was
               cordial - but he sure seems grumpy and pessimistic.



               Pis rely my respect towards them. I think the media blows out of proportion a "frosty"
               Stevens relationship ... but come to think of it neither he nor Lisa have much reason to be
               big fans considering my relationship with Lisa' s dad and Ted's son.

               ------Original Message------

               From: PARNELL, S (GOV sponsored)

               To: Governor Sarah Palin

               Sent: Oct 16, 2007 11:39 AM

               Subject: Young/Murkowski




              Anything you want me to emphasize with these members of our delegation if they' re around??



                Also , I am having lunch with Katz tomorrow. Do you want me to ask or pass anything along
               there?



              Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One




                                                                   1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0006636
