Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Unknown
               From :                  gov.sarah @yahoo.com
               Sent:                   Tuesday, October 16, 2007 10:40 AM
               To:                     Irwin; Tom E (DNR); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Balash ; Joseph R
                                       (GOV); Lloyd; Denby S (DFG); Hartig; Lawrence L (DEC)
               Cc:                     Rutherford; Marty K (DNR); Lefebvre; Richard A (DNR); Fogels; Edmund J (DNR); PARNELL;
                                       S (GOV sponsored); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Leschper, Beth (GOV)
               Subject:                Re:


               Thanks so much Tom! I appreciate the info and update.



               I'm happy to stop into their mtg today or tomorrow - details?

               Sent from my BlackBerry ® device from Cellular One



               -----Original Message-----

               From : "Irwin, Tom E ( DNR)" <tom . irwin@alaska.gov>



               Date : Tue, 16 Oct 2007 10:07:29

               To:gov . sarah®yahoo. com, "Tibbles , Michael A (GOV)" < mike . tibbles®alaska .gov>,"Perry,
               Kristina Y (GOV)" < kris .perryealaska . gov>,"Balash , Joseph R (GOV)"
               <joe.balashoalaska .gov>,"Lloyd, Denby S ( DFG)" <denby . lloyd@alaska . gov>,"Hartig , Lawrence
               L (DEC )" <larry. hartig@alaska.gov>

               Cc:"Rutherford , Marty K ( DNR)" <marty . rutherford@alaska.gov>,"Lefebvre , Richard A (DNR)"
               <richard.lefebvre@alaska . gov>,"Fogels , Edmund J ( DNR)" <ed . fogels@alaska.gov>

               Subject:




              The Renewable Resource Coalition is now running a new add which is on page B-3 of today's
              Anchorage Daily News.  The message is the Governor should question Commissioner Irwin
              about the Pebble Mine and restore transparency and integrity to the process by reversing
              the bad decisions of the Murkowski Administration by moving habitat back to Fish and Game.



              Some comments:

              The Governor has already asked that the commissioners of Fish & Game and DNR to review
              habitat and give her our recommendations. That is in progress. Denby appointed Ken
              Taylor and I appointed Dick Lefebvre to review habitat on a factual basis, what worked
              well and what didn't when habitat was at F&G and what the status of habitat at DNR is now.
                To-date no one has been able to show where Habitat has made a bad decision while at DNR.
                Ken and Dick have been interviewing all habitat employees and are actually in Fairbanks
              today talking with habitat employees.  Ken and Dick were asked to have their review
              complete by the end of November so Denby and I could prepare a recommendation in December
              for the Governor.



              As far as the permitting process ,       we have completed the permitting presentation which we
                                                                    1




                                                                                                                  PRA_GSPOI 0006653
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              will start showing around the state . We are planning on showing a short version at the
              Chamber on October 22 . We are very prepared to address the pebble mine and permitting
              issues and hit this head on. Again we would be pleased to show the presentation to anyone
              in the Administration at any time.



              Remember the Governor and I have consistently said we will not allow Bristol Bay to be put
              at risk.  We also support the permitting process . We can not randomly , on emotions, start
              saying a project is good or bad.



              Nay-sayers are confusing the issue of making a process more efficient as opposed to making
              it easier by having less protection for the environment .  DNR has no overriding authority
              except as lead agency to coordinate and facilitate .  DEC still decides water quality
              issues . F&G still decides fish issues . EPA and the COE still manage their processes.



              The Alaska Conservation Alliance , representing over 40 environmental groups, is having
              their annual meetings this week in Anchorage .  Yesterday Ken Taylor , Dick Lefebvre, Kerry
              Howard and I meet with them for a little over three hours .  We discussed several issues
              including habitat, permitting , and Pebble . The discussions were very open and
              constructive . Commissioners Lloyd and Hartig also independently met with this group.




                                                           2




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01 _0006654
