Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Unknown
               From :                      Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored) [govpalin@alaska.gov]
               Sent:                       Tuesday, October 16, 2007 10:26 AM
               To:                         Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
               Subject:                    Barb Sched


               May i meet with barbara on educ funding?



               Also- is leo working on DOT bond pkg if that's how well deal with infrast needs? Or next
               yr a bond pkg perhaps?



               ----- Original Message -----

               From: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)

               To: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

               Sent: Tue Oct 16 09:52:02 2007

               Subject: RE: Out of Office AutoReply: Sched



               I think Kris was planning on working with Janice today and looking at going over specifics
               with you tomorrow.  They probably wanted to confirm tomorrow's meeting today.



               I know no one wanted a good process to end but I think in an effort to provide more
               information in a way we could see the big picture, Kris and Janice.developed a two
               calendar system , one of confirmed items and one of pending requests . The problem of
               today's schedule is due to Janice being out yesterday (Her husband's grandmother passed
               away and they needed to go help the family). whether it is a list or calendar format, I
               want to make sure it is easy for you to read and then we probably just need to commit time
               to work through the requests.



               Mike



               -----Original Message-----

               From :   Palin ,   Sarah   ( GOV sponsored)

               Sent : Tuesday ,    October 16 ,   2007 9:24 AM

               To: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)

               Subject: Re: Out of Office AutoReply: Sched



               So what happened to the one process that seemed to work the one time? Who wanted it
               stopped?



                                                                         1




                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01 0006655
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Also, any idea what time this sched mtg was to take place today? I did not see or hear
              about it so have filled up the (evidently) empty hrs with catch up work i have to do. It's
              another reason i have to be kept in the loop on what folks are exxpecting of my time.



              ----- Original Message -----

              From: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)

              To: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

              Sent: Tue Oct 16 09:17:42 2007

              Subject: RE: Out of Office AutoReply: Sched



              I don't think that you need to take it over. We have a detailed database of all phone and
              written requests that can be printed in a number of formats.  Those are entered here in
              Juneau by Janice.  There are other requests that come in to Anchorage but if they are all
              forwarded to a central location, we should have a record of the request.



              I think the problem is that the requests stay pending for far too long.    We seem to be
              lucky to confirm events two weeks out or less. Janice flew up this morning and she and
              Kris are planning on going over the pending requests with you. If we can find a
              structured process to get advance approval on the requests, we can hand the events off to
              a special assistant or communications to pull everything together including the talking
              points.  I don't know if that is me, Kris and Janice or Kris, Janice and Todd or you,
              Kris, Janice and Todd. Scheduling is always going to be difficult (last minute requests
              do come in and reshuffling needs to occur on occasion) but we had one occurrence where I
              thought things were handled as good as they ever had . Kris , Janice , maybe Todd and I met
              and discussed about two weeks worth of requests . We developed a list of recommended
              schedule accepts and recommended regrets . During a cabinet meeting , you and I discussed
              the proposals . For the large part, the recommendations were approved with just a couple
              of minor changes.  My impression is that you were pleased with the process.



              Ideally, it would be nice to plan time every week to go over schedule requests. It it was
              something that Janice and Kris could do, it would make a big difference. My preference
              would be to glance over the long lists and provide any comments to Janice or Kris but if
              it takes an hour or longer to work through the items, I would do whatever it takes to get
              the job done.



             Another item that I think would be helpful is to make sure that we have a staff person
             attend every public event you attend. Beth came back from NY with a stack of business
             cards and is working on thank you notes. I would like to see someone with you during work
             events that can keep track of comments , questions, requests that come in and be
             responsible for forwarding them to the appropriate staff person for response .   The staff
             person with you would also then be responsible for communicating with Janice to make sure
             all work activities are reflected on the calendar.



             I mentioned splitting up the press and communications functions and hiring two additional
             people to fill Meg's job. Another communications staff person could help in a sense be an
             event planner.  They could be responsible for making contact with requestors and scoping
             out a lot more detail such as will they have a seat, where is the seat, who will be at the
             table, is there an exit close by, etc.




                                                                                                      PRA GSPO1_0006656
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Anyway, I hope this was helpful and I look forward to discussing it more with you.



              Mike




               -----Original Message-----

              From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

              Sent: Tuesday, October 16, 2007 8:24 AM

              To: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)

              Subject: Fw: Out of Office AutoReply: Sched



              Does it make sense to take over my own scheduling? I dont want to offend anyone, but the
              things we' ve missed in scheduling have been sometimes pretty embarrassing. Please don't
              forward this.



              The only solution I can come up with is to take on more of the scheduling responsibility-
              and it sounds like others are happy to have me do it.



              Unless there's anyone else on staff who'd be very efficient and detailed-oriented, then I
              think I'd better start researching the events and appts myself beforehand so we are better
              prepared... and also have more complete official records of daily activities.



              Can you think of any other solution beside me taking it on?



              ----- Original Message -----

              From: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

              To: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

              Sent : Tue Oct 16 08:18 :54 2007

              Subject: RE: Out of Office AutoReply: Sched



              I already sent an email to the IT folks in Juneau (Kami & Karen).




              Kris




              -----Original Message-----

                                                            3




                                                                                                       PRA GSPO1_0006657
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

              Sent: Tuesday, October 16, 2007 8:16 AM

              To: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

              Subject: Re: Out of Office AutoReply: Sched



              I can work on it- i just need to know who do I contact for this access. Is it the IT
              folks?



              ----- Original Message -----

              From: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

              To: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

              Sent :   Tue Oct 16 08:12:34 2007

              Subject: RE: Out of Office AutoReply: Sched



              Janice. I'll work on it.



              -----Original message-----

              From :   "Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)" <govpalin@alaska.gov>

              To: "Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)" <kris.perry@alaska.gov>

              Cc: "Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>

              Sent :   10/16/2007 8:11 AM

              Subject: Fw: Out of Office AutoReply: Sched



              Kris- fyi, i need access to the sched so I can start plugging in events and appts. Who has
              access now?



              ----- Original Message -----

              From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

              To: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)

              Sent: Tue Oct 16 08:10:12 2007

              Subject: Fw: Out of Office AutoReply: Sched



              Mike- could u track down where the principals speech is this morning?

              I haven't heard back from Lynne on it.


                                                              4




                                                                                                         PRA GSP01_0006658
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               And any other scheduled events- I know there are plenty today- nothing's on the calander
               again and it make for an inefficient use of time to try to remember these events/appts
               without having them recorded on the sched. I know it's been a frustrating process to get
               the scheduling to run smoother- I think if I can just start plugging into the official
               calander things that have to be there, then we'll save time and I can get on with other
               things. I'm happy to do it myself be it's still not working efficiently and I spend quite
               a bit of time chasing down event details.



               ----- Original Message -----

               From: Smith, Lynne M (GOV)

              To: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

               Sent :   Tue Oct 16 08:05 :17 2007

              Subject: Out of office AutoReply: Sched



              I am out of the office from October 15 until October 23. I will be unable to check my
              emails . If you need immediate assistance, please call the Governor's Office at 465-3500.




                                                             5




                                                                                                        PRA GSPOI_0006659
