Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Unknown
               From:                   Tibbles, Michael A (GOV) [mike.tibbles@alaska.gov]
               Sent:                   Tuesday, October 16, 2007 11:01 AM
               To:                     Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored)
               Subject:                RE: Barb Sched


               Tomorrow at 3:00 pm, I have scheduled a meeting with Barbara and other Dept. of Education
               staff to go over the education task force recommendations. I have a number of questions
               regarding the costs of the different components and whether the implementation timelines
               are appropriate.  Would you like to attend via phone? Alternatively, I can scope out the
               details with the department and then schedule a meeting with you and the, agency to go over
               options and recommendations very soon (maybe while your in Juneau).



               I had a conversation with Barbara and staff from the University yesterday about a program
               at St. Johns University. They bring kids in the summer and do a part sports camp and part
               academic program.  The local school districts, university and the private sector are all
               involved with making this program a success, One advantage is that between the school
               districts and the university, all the infrastructure and even staff is available in the
              .summer.  We discussed yesterday at how we could model something similar to really target
               our high drop out rate. In addition to the high school drop out rate, many kids are
               entering the university system unprepared and requiring remediation.



              I asked the university staff and department staff to work together and develop a plan that
              would be (1) just a pilot in Fairbanks (2) program in Anchorage and Fairbanks, and (3)
              Anchorage, Fairbanks, and an outreach effort to rural Alaska. They believe they could put
              a proposal together prior to our budget deadline and run it by you. Not that we need more
              ways to spend money but we do not different way to spend money to get better results. Not
              sure what you think but I am interested to hear back from our education folks on what they
              can come up with.



              DOT has submitted their list of road projects and we have met with the Department of
              Revenue regarding bonding and other financing options .  Karen and her staff at OMB have
              been working on the prioritized lists of projects from the agencies . We would like to go
              over the information with you and then we will need to make a decision about the level of
              general fund spending on all capital projects including infrastructure .  We can analyze
              the regional balance of the priorities and need for additional authorization beyond the
              general fund spending . A bond package or a draft bill will be easy to develop from that
              point.



              Mike



              -----Original Message-----

              From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

              Sent : Tuesday, October 16, 2007 10:26 AM

              To: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)

              Subject: Barb Sched




                                                                     1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0006651
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               May i meet with barbara on educ funding?



               Also- is leo working on DOT bond pkg if that' s how we 'll deal with infrast needs? Or next
               yr a bond pkg perhaps?




                                                             2




                                                                                                        PRA GSP01 _0006652
