Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Unknown
               From:                   Tibbles, Michael A (GOV) [ mike.tibbies©alaska.gov)
               Sent:                   Tuesday, October 16, 2007 9:18 AM
               To:                     Patin; Sarah (GOV sponsored)
               Subject :               RE: Out of Office AutoReply-. Schad


               I don ' t think that you need to take it over . We have a detailed database of all phone and
               written requests that can be printed in a number of formats .   Those are entered here in
               Juneau by Janice .   There are other requests that come in to Anchorage but if they are all
               forwarded to a central location , we should have a record of the request.



               I think the problem is that the requests stay pending for far too long .    We seem to be
               lucky to confirm events two weeks out or less .   Janice flew up this morning and she and
               Kris are planning on going over the pending requests with you .    If we can find a
               structured process to get advance approval on the requests , we can hand the events off to
               a special assistant or communications to pull everything together including the talking
               points .  I don't know if that is me , Kris and Janice or Kris , Janice and Todd or you,
               Kris , Janice and Todd . Scheduling is always going to be difficult ( last minute requests
               do come in and reshuffling needs to occur on occasion ) but we had one occurrence where I
               thought things were handled as good as they ever had. Kris , Janice , maybe Todd and I met
               and discussed about two weeks worth of requests .   We developed a list of recommended
               schedule accepts and recommended regrets .   During a cabinet meeting , you and I discussed
               the proposals .  For the large part, the recommendations were approved with just a couple
               of minor changes .  My impression is that you were pleased with the process.



               Ideally , it would be nice to plan time every week to go over schedule requests . If it was
               something that Janice and Kris could do, it would make a big difference .  My preference
               would be to glance over the long lists and provide any comments to Janice or Kris but if
               it takes an hour or longer to work through the items , I would do whatever it takes to get
               the job done.



               Another item that I think would be helpful is to make sure that we have a staff person
               attend every public event you attend .  Beth came back from NY with a stack of business
               cards and is working on thank you notes .  I would like to see someone with you during work
               events that can keep track of comments , questions , requests that come in and be
               responsible for forwarding them to the appropriate staff person for response .    The staff
               person with you would also then be responsible for communicating with Janice to make sure
               all work activities are reflected on the calendar.



              I mentioned splitting up the press and communications functions and hiring two additional
              people to fill Meg's job. Another communications staff person could help in a sense be an
              event planner.  They could be responsible for making contact with requestors and scoping
              out a lot more detail such as will they have a seat, where is the seat, who will be at the
              table, is there an exit close by, etc.



              Anyway , I hope this was helpful and I look forward to discussing it more with you.



              Mike




                                                                     1




                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0006670
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              -----Original Message-----

              From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

              Sent: Tuesday, October 16, 2007 8:24 AM

              To: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)

              Subject: Fw: Out of Office AutoReply: Sched



              Does it make sense to take over my own scheduling? I dont want to offend anyone, but the
              things we've missed in-scheduling have been sometimes pretty embarrassing. Please don't
              forward this.



              The only solution I can come up with is to take on more of the scheduling responsibility-
              and it sounds like others are happy to have me do it.



             Unless there's anyone else on staff who'd be very efficient and detailed-oriented, then I
             think I'd better start researching the events and appts myself beforehand so we are better
             prepared... and also have more complete official records of daily activities.



             Can you think of any other solution beside me taking it on?



              ----- Original Message -----

             From: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

             To: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

             Sent: Tue Oct 16 08:18:54 2007

             Subject: RE: Out of Office AutoReply: Sched



             I already' sent an email to the IT folks in Juneau ( Kami & Karen).




             Kris




             -----Original Message-----

             From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

             Sent: Tuesday, October 16, 2007 8:16 AM

             To: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

             Subject: Re: Out of Office AutoReply: Sched

                                                            2




                                                                                                      PRA_GSP01_0006671
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               I can work on it- i just need to know who do I contact for this access. Is it the IT
               folks?



               ----- Original Message -----

               From: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

               To: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

               Sent: Tue Oct 16 08:12:34 2007

               Subject: RE: Out of Office AutoReply: Sched



               Janice. I'll work on i



               -----Original Message-----

               From: "Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)" <govpalin@alaska.gov>

               To: "Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)" <kris.perry@alaska.gov>

               Cc: "Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>

               Sent :   10/16/2007 8:11 AM

               Subject: Fw: Out of Office AutoReply: Sched



               Kris- fyi, i need access to the sched so I can start plugging in events and appts. Who has
               access now?



               ----- Original Message -----

               From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

               To: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)

               Sent: Tue Oct 16 08:10 :12 2007

               Subject: Fw: Out of Office AutoReply: Sched



               Mike- could u track down where the principals speech is this morning?

               I haven't heard back from Lynne on it.



              And any other scheduled events- I know there are plenty today- nothing's on the calander
              again and it make for an inefficient use of time to try to remember these events/appts
              without having them recorded on the ached. I know it's been a frustrating process to get
              the scheduling to run smoother- I think if I can just start plugging into the official
              calander things that have to be there, then we'll save time and I can get on with other
              things. I'm happy to do it myself be it's still not working efficiently and I spend quite
              a bit of time chasing down event details.
                                                              3




                                                                                                        PRA GSP01_0006672
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              ----- Original Message -----

              From: Smith, Lynne M (GOV)

              To: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

              Sent: Tue Oct 16 08:05:17 2007

              Subject: Out of Office AutoReply: Sched



              I am out of the office from October 15 until October 23. I will be unable to check my
              emails . If you need immediate assistance , please call the Governor's Office at 465-3500.




      I




                                                           4




                                                                                                     PRA GSPO1_0006673
