Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From :                       gov.sarah@yahoo.com
              Sent:                        Tuesday, October 16, 2007 8:24 AM
              To:                          PARNELL S (GOV sponsored)
              Subject:                     Re: PP rivi,
                                                j


              What's her contact info? I'm curious if she's want to apply for Privilecjob. I don't want
              the word to get out tho be I don't know Privilegec intention on applying.

              Sent from my BlackBerry®.device from Cellular One



              -----Original Message-----

              From. "PARNELL, S (GOV sponsored)" <sr.parnell@alaska.gov>
       i



              Date: Mon, 15 Oct 2007 19:18:58

              To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

              Subject: RE:   jPrivilegeQ




              She didn't mention your hint but you gave her a pretty big one! I can let you know if I
              hear back from her. If you really need the help and are interested, I think it would take
              a one on one where she can get to know you a bit more. She says she spent a lot of time
              trying to convince Jim Clark/Governor M not to do something, he'd do it, and then she'd
              have to explain it. You would be a whole different boss to her with much different
              sensitivities and she needs the time with you to see what the interaction would be like--
              as would you.



              She got a big eyeful of our positive working relationship (you and me)--a gov/lg
              relationship which she said was highly antagonistic in the last administration. She heard
              my staff talk about the supportive role we take undergirding your office, and she seems
              drawn by similar values.



              One other thing I noticed--I think she would be aggressive about creating and controlling
              press /communications opportunities and fully capable of fielding questions and making
              things happen for you. She was used to getting her marching orders and going to
              accomplish it. Meaning, that she's competent, takes direction, and goes and does the job
              without requiring a lot of handholding to get it done.



              Hope your ACES meeting went well!




                                                                       1




                                                                                                                 PRA_GSP01_0006680
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              From : gov.sarah@yahoo . com (mailto : gov.sarah@yyahoo.com]

              Sent :   Mon 10 / 15/2007 7:02 PM

              To: PARNELL ,   S (GOV sponsored)

              Subject : Re: PnVileaeed




              Did she get the hint?!   We'd really freak people out if she ended up back in public
              service, but surely she must still have a desire to help Alaska!

              Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One




                                                               2




                                                                                                         PRA GSP01 _0006681
