Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From :                   Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored) [ govpalin@alaska.gov]
              Sent:                    Tuesday, October 16, 2007 8:11 AM
              To:                      Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
              Cc:                      Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
              Subject :                Fw: Out of Office AutoReply: Sched


              Kris- fyi, i need access to the sched so I can start plugging in events and appts. Who has
              access now?



              ----- Original Message -----

              From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

              To: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)

              Sent : Tue Oct 16 08:10:12 2007

              Subject: Fw: out of office AutoReply: Sched



              Mike- could u track down where the principals speech is this morning?

              I haven't heard back from Lynne on it.



              And any other scheduled events- I know there are plenty today- nothing's on the calander
              again and it make for an inefficient use of time to try to remember these events/appts
              without having them recorded on the sched. I know it's been a frustrating process to get
              the scheduling to run smoother- I think if I can just start plugging into the official
              calander things that have to be there, then we'll save time and I can get on with other
              things. I'm happy to do it myself be it's still not working efficiently and I spend quite
              a bit of time chasing down event details.



              ----- Original message -----

             From : Smith, Lynne M (GOV)

             To: Palin,    Sarah   (GOV sponsored)

             Sent :   Tue Oct 16 08:05 :17 2007

             Subject: Out of Office AutoReply: Sched



             I am out of the office from October 15 until October 23. I will be unable to check my
             emails.  If you need immediate assistance, please call the Governor's Office at 465-3500.




                                                                    1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0006691
