Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From:                   gov.sarah©Yahoo.com
              Sent:                   Wednesday, October 17, 2007 11:02 PM
              To:                     Irwin; Tom E (DNR)
              Subject:                Re: Habitat


              This is awesome . I so appreciate you!

              Thank you!

              Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular one



              -----Original Message-----

              From: "Irwin, Tom E (DNR)" <tom.irwin@alaska.gov>




              Date: Wed, 17 Oct 2007 21:56:51

              To:gov.sarahoyahoo.com

              Subject: RE: Habitat




             Governor,  Dick Lefebvre( Deputy Commissioner DNR) and Ken Taylor(Deputy Commissioner F&G)
             were tasked by Denby and me to give us a factual review of Habitat past at F&G and present
             at DNR by November. Denby and I will quickly get a recommendation for your consideration
             by December - likely much sooner.



             I have been working with the resource developers to make sure our bases are covered. The
             Alaska Miners Association and the Council of Alaska Producers have agreed to start telling
             the public "they believe in the strong permitting process since they know that is best for
             responsible miners, they welcome constructive comments, they know the Governor has asked
             for a habitat evaluation, and they know the Governor will make a good decision and they
             will support the decision". I am pleased that we have this support. This gives us
             freedom to make a correct decision. I have discussed this with RDC and I believe we will
             get their support by next week. I know the Conservation Alliance has already told Art's/
             Gilliam's group that they should stop the adds but the adds are already scheduled until
             Monday.



             Personally the adds make me feel we shouldn't do anything and tell them to stick it but
             then I set that aside. We are here to do what is right.



             At this point we are hearing from people we trust that the structure for the current DNR
             Habitat operating procedures should be maintained and protected. it is much better than
             in the past but the Division should go back to F&G so Habitat and F&G can work together.



             The adds are trying to separate us, but that just won't work. You are stuck with me as
             long as you wish. I am really glad I am speaking at the Anch Chamber this Monday and am
                                                                 1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0006702
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             ready to take on the issues .  My talk will    quickly highlight the Administrations work on
             AGIA, ACES, our desire for economic energy     to Alaskans, and the need for Resource
             development - the clear answer for Alaskan     jobs, support of families, keeping our young
             people in Alaska , personal self worth , and   real steps forward for addressing hopelessness,
             alcohol, drugs, physical and sexual abuse.     I will then focus on the process, the
             reliability, and our goal to explain it to     Alaskans.




             Also the permitting process presentation is ready and we will be announcing dates and
             locations for the presentations to the public on Monday.



             Hope this wasn't too long. Thanks for asking. God bless! Tom




             -----Original Message-----

             From :   "gov.sarahoyahoo.com" <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

             To: "Tom Irwin" <tom.irwin®alaska.gov>

             Sent: 10/17/07 8:13 PM

             Subject: Habitat




             Tom: do we know when LeFevre will have a report/reco's for us on Habitat move? I'm game
             to move it back if the experts have studied it and recommend it - otherwise, what will
             your presentation be to Chamber next week re: that specific topic?



             Those darn Art Hackney ads are making it sound like we're not on the same page with our
             committment to consider the recommendations that should be forthcoming. Of course we're
             going to look at what they recommend at the end of the day.



             Thanksl

             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One




                                                             2




                                                                                                        PRA_GSP01_0006703
