Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                  Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
             Sent:                   Wednesday, October 17, 2007 9:39 AM
             To:                     jstallone@neeserinc.com
             Subject :               RE: Military_and_VeteransAffairs


             Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
             information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
             unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
             being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
             need , suggestion, or comment.




             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov. state .ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

             Sent: Tuesday, October 16, 2007 9:31 PM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Military_and Veterans_Affairs




             Web mail from: Mr. John Stallone

             address: PO Box 201172 Anchorage AK 99520

              907-351-8534




             MESSAGE:

             Honorable Governor Palin,

             I have served the people of Alaska as the Chief of Enforcement for the Alaska Occupational
             Safety and Health Section for a number of years and now I'm retired. I have two sons who
             have both served in the War against Terroism. My first son served in the US Air Force and
             my second son Joe just spent 15 months with the Alaska Army National Guard in Kuwait.
             After serving the 15 months the troops were just informed by General Katkus that they had
             chartered flights for soliders serving from Bethel and Juneau but for the soliders from
             Southcentral and Fairbanks the military does not have arrangements to get them home but
             are working on a solution. General Katkus stated they were attempting to have a C-17
             pickup our soliders from Southcentral but he couldn't make any promises . This is
             unacceptable! Like my son said they have had 15 months to get the logistics straighted
             out, but it seems they have waited until the last minute and now they don't know what is
             going to happen. I'm surpised and I

             'm glad that they were able to find planes for Southwest and Southeast Alaskans but as for
             the rest of the State it appears were not as important. I'm not sure who is responsible
             for this screw up but I think our sons and daughters deserve some answers . Please have
             someone from your staff get some answers for them and for their families.

             Thank you for all your hard work as our Governor and for any help you could give to this
             matter.

             Sincerely,

                                                                 1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0006715
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              John Stallone



              jstallone@neeserinc.com




                                                        2




                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0006716
