Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From:                   Palin , Sarah (GOV sponsored) [govpalin@alaska.gov]
              Sent:                   Wednesday, October 17, 2007 5:29 PM
              To:                     Leschper, Beth (GOV)
              Cc:                     Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Mason; Janice L (GOV)
              Subject:                Re: Grant Announcement


              Thanks so much Beth. Look forward to seeing you in Juneau. Headed to the airport now...



              ----- Original Message -----

              From: Leschper, Beth (GOV)

              To: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

              Cc: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Mason, Janice L (GOV)

              Sent: Wed Oct 17 16:10:31 2007

              Subject: Grant Announcement




             Governor:




             Here are the remarks for your announcement at the Education Consortium Open House.



             I will have a hard copy in the binder that I'm leaving this afternoon with Erika.




             But am sending now in case you want to look over before tomorrow.




             Beth Leschper



             Deputy Communications Director



             Office of the Governor

                                                                   1




                                                                                                                PRA_GSP01_0006706
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             State of Alaska




             907-465-3443




             907-723-1321




             REMARKS for Career Center Open House




             I am delighted to be with all of you on this Alaska Day to celebrate and honor the work
             being done by the Sitka Education Consortium.




             This Southeast Alaska Career Center is an excellent example of what can be accomplished
             when - people work together to find solutions.




             Alaskans around the state are talking about what you're doing here in Sitka - using unique
             collaborations to leverage resources and get things done!




            I am very honored to make a special announcement - the Southeast Alaska Guidance
            Association (SAGA) has received a three-year, 1.2 million dollar grant that will provide
            construction education and leadership training to at-risk young people who will help build
            affordable housing here in Sitka.


                                                            2




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0006707
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              This grant is funded by the U. S. Department of Labor's Youthbuild program and recognizes a
              great partnership between SAGA , the Sitka Education Consortium , the Baranof Island Housing
              Authority and this SEEK center.



              The grant will fund a program known as Sitka ' s Young Alaskans Building Affordable Housing
              (YABAH ) and will include individuals who have been in the juvenile justice system , youths
              aging out of foster care , high school dropouts and others.



              This newest funding - one of only 96 Youthbuild grants nationwide - is an example of what
              successful collaboration can accomplish.



              Since 1996 , 150 SAGA students have built 2 homes in Fairbanks , 3 homes in Sitka ,       6 homes
              in Juneau and 11 homeless shelter units at Juneau ' s St. Vincent De Paul.




             With programs like these , our young people can be proud that they are not only improving
             their own lives, but also making a positive difference for their families , friends and
             neighbors.



             This new grant will serve 32, primarily Native , high school dropouts who will each spend 6
             to 9 months in the program while earning a GED or HS Diploma.



             And help build two affordable homes in Sitka from the ground up.



             The students will gain skills and training in Alaska ' s fast - growing construction. They
             will receive a monthly living stipend of about $1 , 100 a month . They will earn an
             AmeriCorps Education Award . And they will be taking the first steps toward a variety of
             rewarding educational opportunities and careers.




             A small part of the grant will become seed money to continue the program - keeping future
             students on an upward cycle, rather than a downward spiral.




             Congratulations to Joe Parrish , SAGA ' s founder and executive director - and to all of
             those who will serve and be served by this wonderful collaboration.


                                                            3




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0006708
