Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                  Rutherford, Marty K (DNR) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                     GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=MKRUTHERFORD]
             Sent:                   Wednesday, October 17,2007 11:04 PM
             To:                     gov.sarah@yahoo.com
             Cc:                     Irwin; Tom E (DNR)
             Subject:                BG phone call information - for Thursday, October 18th (Alaska Days)




             Governor,

             As a follow-up to our conversation earlier today, I am providing a quick review of the
             reasons BG gave for deciding not to participate in the AGIA application process. I am
             also providing the contact information for the BG call in the morning, and some ideas for
             that conversation.                            _



             Review:

             David Keane, BG Group Vice President/Policy & Corporate Affairs, advised me that HG has
             just made the decision not to participate in the AGIA application process. They indicate
             this decision was very difficult as they continue to believe AGIA is the appropriate
             vehicle to move the gas pipeline project forward, they continue to be very committed to
             investing in Alaska and will be drilling 3 exploration wells in the Foothills area of the
             North Slope this winter, they fully intend to bid on the Pt Thomson area leases when they
             become available, and they intend to reach out to the eventual AGIA Licensee to determine
             if there is any opportunity to partner with this yet undetermined company in order to
             develop a spur line and LNG facility. However, BG made their decision not to proceed in
             the AGIA application process based upon the economics of the project, which they estimate
             to be in the $19 Billion range (for the North Slope processing plant, overbuilt pipeline
             to Delta Jct in order to accomodate a Phase 2 Canadian highway route project, smaller
             pipeline to Valdez and LNG plant.) Fundamentally the project didn't provide BG their
             internal "hurdle rate" (which is minimum rate of return required by a particular company
             in order for them to make an investment.) It is important to note that exploration and
             production companies generally require much higher rates of return than do pipeline
             companies, as the e & p's regularly make high risk investment, whereas pipeline companies
             are low risk investors with much lower, regulated rates of return. Furthermore, BG has
             been partnering with Williams Pipeline Company intending to submit a 2-party AGIA
             application.  According to BG, Williams advised them last week they had determined they
             could not participate in the project for an entirely different reason. As you know,
             Williams is only recently emerging from the impact of the Enron debacle and while things
             are progressing well, they have been informed by their financial advisors that the
             financial community will view Williams investing in this project as a bad decision. This
             is because the current Williams investor is looking for quarterly returns (very short
             term), whereas this project will not provide returns for 7 to 8 years. It was fairly
             clear from BG's comments that Williams decision not to partner with them was also a major
             blow, particularly as it left BG with the full investment commitment, exascerbating their
             rate of return problem.



             Additional information:

             We have been told that BG had 57 people working on an AGIA application and has spent over
             $1 million dollars on the effort. Furthermore I know that Martin Houston, who met with you
             last Spring, was very impressed with you, the AGIA process and with Alaska. Martin has
             been a major proponent of this effort to participate in AGIA. Finally, we have been
             advised that BG Group corporate is having a meeting tomorrow (Thursday, October 18th) to
             finalize their decision to not participate in the AGIA process.


                                                                    1




                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0006724
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             BG Group' Contact Information:



            Martin Houston, Executive Vice President & Managing Director North America, Caribbean &
            Global LNG

            Located in UK, but carries two cell phones:

            UK Cell # 011-44-777-070-3075

            US Cell # 1-832-276-4612



            Note: Martin Houston may ask the following individual to participate in the phone
            conversation:

            Betsy Spomer, Sr. Vice President of Business Development for North America, Caribbean &
            Global LNG



            Finally, and simply for your information, the following person participated in your
            meeting with Martin Houston last Spring and is the. state's primary BG contact:

            David Keane , Vice President , Policy & Corporate Affairs




            Suggested Comments:
           Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




            I will be speaking with David Keane by 8:30am tomorrow to determine what times work from
            Martin's end for your phone call with him. I will email you as soon as I receive this
            information.   Thank you for your constant willingness to work issues with us. It is
            greatly appreciated!

            Marty

                                                             2




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0006725
