Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From :                  gov.sarah©yahoo.com
              Sent:                   Wednesday, October 17, 2007 6:41 AM
              To:                     Irwin; Tom E (DNR); Rutherford; Marty K (DNR); Anders; Bruce F (DNR)
              Subject :               Crack ...


              Fagan's going off the deep end with his intimation (that we're "whores") in yesterday's
              rant. I didn't believe what people told me he said until I heard it myself.



              it was almost "good" to hear it though - it allowed me to put a nail in the coffin and
              resolve to never listen in again.

              Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



              -----Original Message-----

              From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com



              Date : Wed, 17 Oct 2007 14:34:39

              To:"Frank Bailey" <ftb907@yahoo.com>,"K Perry" <kris.perry@alaska.gov>,"Todd"
              <fek9wnr@yahoo.com>

              Subject: Crack ...




              I heard the "... bunch of crack whores running to the sugar daddy " comment from Pagan this
              morning.

       I      Unbelievable.



              What's the difference between what he just called the State's team and what Don Imus
              called the basketball team when HE said the women were "nappy-headed ho's".



              Fagan was talking about resources and budget spending - and calling those in leadership
              "whores" . That's me , Kris, Karen Rehfeld , Marty Rutherford , Sharon , Annette , Karleen,
              Tara... etc.



              He is sick and should not get away with this one.



              This one is unbelievable.

              Sent from my B1ackBerry® device from Cellular One




                                                                    1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0006720
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                  Re: Press Ad                                                                                                   Page 1 of I


                  Unknown

                  From :     PARNELL, S (GOV sponsored) [/O=SOAIOU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                             GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=SRPARNELLI]
                  Sent:      Wednesday, October 17, 2007 7:30 PM
                  To:        Sarah Palin
                  Subject: RE: Press Ad
                  Time for me to have another conversation with JT--that's how we found Meg last time as I recall. Maybe he'll have
                  another idea.




                 11/9/2009



                                                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0006721
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                              Page 1 of 2




                  From:    Leschper, Beth (GOV) (beth. leschper@alaska.gov]
                  Sent:    Wednesday, October 17, 2007 4:11 PM
                  To:      Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored)
                  Cc:      Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Mason ; Janice L (GOV)
                 Subject: Grant Announcement
                 Governor:

                  Here are the remarks for your announcement at the Education Consortium Open House.
                  I will have a hard copy in the binder that I'm leaving this afternoon with Erika.

                  But am sending now in case you want to look over before tomorrow.

                 Beth Leschper
                 Deputy Communications Director
                 Office of the Governor
                 State of Alaska
                 907-465-3443
                 907-723-1321




                  REMARKS for Career Center Open House

                 I am delighted to be with all of you on this Alaska Day to celebrate and
                 honor the work being done by the Sitka Education Consortium.

                 This Southeast Alaska Career Center is an excellent example of what can
                 be accomplished when people work together to find solutions.

                 Alaskans around the state are tacking about what you're doing here in Sitka
                 - using unique collaborations to leverage resources and get things done!

                 I am very honored to make. a special announcement - the Southeast
                 Alaska Guidance Association (SAGA) has received a three-year, 1.2 million
                 dollar grant that will provide construction education and leadership training
                 to at-risk young people who will help build affordable housing here in Sitka.

                 This grant is funded by the U.S. Department of Labor's Youthbuild program
                 and recognizes a great partnership between SAGA, the Sitka Education
                 Consortium, the Baranof Island Housing Authority and this SEEK center.

                 The grant will fund a program known as Sitka's Young Alaskans Building
                 Affordable Housing (YABAH) and will include individuals who have been in
                 the juvenile justice system, youths aging out of foster care, high school
                 dropouts and others.


                  11/9/2009



                                                                                                                PRA_GSP01_0006722
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                              Page 2 of 2


                 This newest funding - one of only 96 Youthbuild grants nationwide - is an
                 example of what successful collaboration can accomplish.

                 Since 1996, 150 SAGA students have built 2 homes in Fairbanks , 3 homes in
                 Sitka, 6 homes in Juneau and 11 homeless shelter units at Juneau ' s St. Vincent
                 De Paul.

                 With programs like these , our young people can be proud that they are not only
                 improving their own lives, but also making a positive difference for their families,
                 friends and neighbors.
                 This new grant will serve 32, primarily Native , high school dropouts who will each
                 spend 6 to 9 months in the program while earning a GED or HS Diploma.

                 And help build two affordable homes in Sitka from the ground up.

                 The students will gain skills and training in Alaska 's fast-growing construction.
                 They will receive a monthly living stipend of about $1,100 a month . They will earn
                 an AmeriCorps Education Award . And they will be taking the first steps toward a
                 variety of rewarding educational opportunities and careers.

                 A small part of the grant will become seed money to continue the program -
                 keeping future students on an upward cycle, rather than a downward spiral.
                 Congratulations to Joe Parrish, SAGA's founder and executive director - and to all of those who will
                 serve and be served by this wonderful collaboration.




                 11/9/2009



                                                                                                               P RA_GS P01 _0006723
