Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From:                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
              Sent:                   Wednesday, October 17, 2007 9:36 AM
              To:                     Tuivaiti; Christy M (DOC)
              Subject:                RE: Other


              Ms. Tuivaiti:

              Thank you so much for your wonderful email , I will forward it to the Governor.



              -----Original Message-----

              From: WebMailcwgov. state .ak.us (mailto:webMail@gov.state.ak.us)

              Sent ;   Tuesday, October 16, 2007 11:05 PM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Other




             Web mail from: Ms. Christy Tuivaiti

             address: 2633 Seclusion Drive Anchorage AK 99504

               907-727-1817




             MESSAGE:

             Dear Governor Palin,



             My name is Christy Tuivaiti and I work for the State of Alaska in the Department of
             Corrections.  I am just writing to tell you that I think that your a wonderful governor
             and that you are making Alaska a better place. I love everything you have done while in
             office and I can't wait to see what else you have up your sleeve. I met you crossing the
             street one day downtown while we were both going to the federal courthouse and you shook
             my hand inside, I felt honored to have met you in person. You sign my paychecks and I
             thank you for that. I just wanted to say thank you for everything you do for us.



             Thanks,



             Christy Tuivaiti

             DOC-Probation and Parole Office

             Anchorage Alaska




             christy.tuivaiti@alaska.gov


                                                                  1




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0006717
