Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From:                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
              Sent:                    Thursday, October 18, 2007 3:34 PM
              To:                      Frye; Ivy J (DOA); Balash ; Joseph R (GOV); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Perry; Kristina Y
                                       (GOV); Galvin; Patrick S (DOR)
              Cc:                      Irwin; Tom E (DNR); Rutherford; Marty K (DNR); Anders; Bruce F (DNR); Leighow; Sharon W
                                       (GOV); Leschper; Beth (GOV); Frank Bailey
              Subject:                 Re: JNU Chamber Invite


              Thanks Ivy. We need to correct the statement/flier. Of course ACES ultimatelty helps our
              investment environment- if it didn't we wouldn't be proposing it. How infuriating that
              they've taken Pat's comment out of context.

              Sent from my BlackBerrye device from Cellular One



              -----Original Message-----
              From :   "Frye, Ivy J (DOA)" <ivy.frye@alaska.gov>



              Date: Thu, 18 Oct 2007 13:31:06

              To:"Balash, Joseph R (GOV)" <joe.balash@alaska.gov>, gov.sarah@yahoo.com,"Tibbles, Michael
              A (GOV)" <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>,"Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)" <kris.perry@alaska.gov>

              Subject :   JNU Chamber Invite




              After the AOGA presentation today the executive director of JNU Chamber (Cathie Roemmich)
              came up to let me know that the gasline team is invited to speak at JNU Chamber on
              Thursday, November 1 (two Thursdays from today) on ACES. Cathie will get in touch with
              Joe if the administration is interested and/or has time to attend.



              Kara Moriarty (deputy director of AOGA) showed a couple Revenue slides in her presentation
              and handed out AOGA fliers that quote Pat Galvin saying "Frankly, we have not said that
              ACES improves the investment climate. Clearly, there is going to be a larger state share
              and that isn't going to make the economics of projects better.,



             On a positive note, several good questions were asked. Murray Walsh spoke up, as did a
             couple others from the audience that were pro-administration and pro reviewing the current
             tax structure.  One lady even said after a comment from Kara "it's erroneous to ask if
             private business owners want to be taxed 64% when oil companies aren't even taxed 641"



             The AOGA flier is attached.




                                                                    1




                                                                                                                PRA_GSP01_0006746
