Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From:                   gov.sarah(dlYahoo.com
              Sent:                   Friday, October 19, 2007 1:46 PM
              To:                     Balash; Joseph R (GOV); Irwin; Tom E (DNR)
              Cc:                     Rehfeld; Karen J (GOV)
              Subject:                Fw: letter to editor - Frontiersman


              Ugh. Jusy fyi

              Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



              -----Original Message-----

              From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com



              Date: Fri, 19 Oct 2007 21:44:08

              To:"K Perry" <kris.perry@alaska.gov>,"Mike Tibbles" <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>

              Cc:"Frank Bailey" <ftb907@yahoo.com>

              Subject: Fw: letter to editor - Frontiersman




              Holy geez. Kris- plks give franci a head's up.

              Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular one



              -----Original Message-----

              From: "Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)" <sharon.leighow@alaska.gov>



             Date :   Fri, 19 Oct 2007 13:11:19

             To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

             Subject: letter to editor - Frontiersman




             Governor-




             We are going to have Commissioner Irwin or Dick LaFever respond to this.




             FYI


                                                                   1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0006781
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              State works against farmers




               Published on Thursday ,    October 18 ,   2007 10:27 PM AKDT

              This is a message to Gov . Sarah Palin.



               Your picture appeared on the front page of the Anchorage Daily News Oct. 15 . You were
              wearing the Alaska Grown patch , sporting the logo you are suing the farmers for.



               While supporting more tax on oil and gas , you are suing the farmers who produce a
              sustainable product for the state . Not only are the farmers being sued for their interest
              in promoting Alaska Grown , but you recently appointed Franci Havemeister as director to
              the Division of Agriculture . The only qualification she brought to the job was that she
              was your high school buddy . You passed up many more qualified people to choose her.




              I thought the last administration was bad about appointing good of boys . Is it good of
              girls now? Franci didn ' t even know what the Plant Materials Center was when she became
              director , and i notice that you have zeroed the Plant Materials Center out of the budget
              for next year . It happens to be the single most important source of quality seed stock in
              the state and the single most important resource for farmers.



               Wow, you really know how to cripple the farming industry in this state ! Suppose you "win"
              the lawsuit against the farmers who have done so much to support Alaska Grown and make it
              popular. Without help and support from the farmers , the logo will probably wither and die
              because we will promote something else and make it popular too. What a shame ! I can't wait
              for the public to learn that the Division of Agriculture has sent and received 45,000 e-
              mails condemning or concerning Alaska Grown.



              Matanuska Maid and the state are directly responsible 100 percent for the failure of
             dairy farmers at Point MacKenzie . Yet you spend hundreds of thousands of state dollars to
             save Mat Maid , even though it is selling mostly Outside milk. I hope that you wear your
             logo with pride, as you have already caused Alaska farmers much grief with your lawsuit.
             You can ' t strong - arm us if we choose to abandon the promotion of Alaska Grown , and the
             logo won't be the same even if you do "win" the lawsuit . The agricultural community has
             already suffered losses of about $100, 000 in legal fees to defend the logo. That amount
             makes the division' s efforts even smaller because the Division of Agriculture has done
             nothing for farmers , nor do I expect it ever to with the contentious climate that now
             exists.



               River Bean




              Arctic Organics


                                                                  2




                                                                                                            PRA_GSPO1_0006782
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Palmer




              Sharon Leighow

              Deputy Press Secretary

              Deputy Communications Director



              (907)   269 -7450 Anchorage

              (907)   465 -4031 Juneau

              (907) 240 -7943 cell




                                                        3
