Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Unknown
              From :                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
              Sent:                    Thursday, October 18, 2007 9:39 AM
              To:                      Rutherford; Marty K (DNR)
              Subject :                Re: HOT! Confirmation on BG Phone Call


              Great conversation with Martin- it's encouraging to hear there's hope there and he does
              desire a sit-down mtg. We agreed the you and David could communicate on the logistics of
              the mtg, and I'm willing to tweak my sched to fit his for the mtg. There are a few firm
              committments I have (AFN speech Oct 25), but can tweak flexible appts to make this work.



              He says it's not a closed book, looks forward to more discussion.

              Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



              -----Original Message-----

              From :   "Rutherford, Marty K (DNR)" <marty.rutherford@alaska.gov>



              Date: Thu, 18 Oct 2007 09:26:40

              To:gov.saraheyahoo.com

              Subject: HOT!     Confirmation on BG Phone Call




              Governor, I just heard back from David Keane and now is a great time to call. Martin can
              be reached at his US cell phone number Privileged or Person

              Marty



              -----Original Message-----

             From: [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]

             Sent: Thursday, October 18, 2007 8:30 AM

             To: Rutherford, Marty K (DNR)

             Cc: Irwin, Tom E (DNR)

             Subject: Re: HOT! BG Phone Call Info




             Got it- I can call him now. My fltto Sitka isnt for another hour-plus, so now's a good
             time, pls let them know and I'll wait a bit to hear confirmation from you

             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One




                                                                  1




                                                                                                            PRA GSPO1_0006750
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               -----original-Message -----

               From: "Rutherford, Marty K (DNR)" <marty.rutherford@alaska.gov>



               Date : Thu, 18 Oct 2007 08:24:41

               To:gov. sarah@yahoo.com

               Cc: tom.irwin® alaska.gov

               Subject: HOT!     BG Phone Call Info




               Governor,

               I just spoke with David Keane who indicates that Martin Houston will speak with you
               whenever you wish to call today. David simply asked me to advise him at what time you
               intend to make the call so that he can ensure Martin is prepared to step out of corporate
               board meetings to take the call. Therefore, whatever time works for you is fine, just let
               me know and I'll get that information to BG.



               David also said you should expect Martin to request a personal meeting with you. Martin
               will propose that he, Betsy Spomer and David Keane travel to meet with you personally next
               Thursday or Friday (October 25th or 26th) in Juneau, or whatever location might work for
               you.  I believe Martin wants this meeting to ensure you are not upset with BG for making
               this decision to not participate in the AGIA process .  This reinforces my belief that this
               is a long-shot, but I believe it is worth the effort.



               I hope you received the e-mail I sent last night with the contact and background
               information.  If you did not, I will send it again.

              Thanks Governor,

              Marty




                                                                2




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0006751
