Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From :                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
              Sent:                    Friday, October 19, 2007 6:22 PM
              To.                      Balash; Joseph R (GOV); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Leschper; Beth (GOV); Mason; Janice
                                       L (GOV)
              Cc:                      Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Frank Bailey; Irwin; Tom E (DNR);
                                       Colberg; Talis J (LAW); Rutherford; Marty K (DNR); Havemeister; Franci A (DNR)
              Subject:                 Re: letter to editor - Frontiersman


              Sounds good . I'll let janice know this should be scheduled asap.

              Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



              -----Original Message-----

              From: "Balash, Joseph R (GOV)" <joe.balash@alaska.gov>



              Date: Fri, 19 Oct 2007 18:18:31

              To: ExternalEmailgsp <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>,"Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)"
              <sharon.leighow@alaska.gov>,"Leschper, Beth (GOV)" <beth.leschper@alaaka.gov>

              Cc:"Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>,"Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)"
              <kris.perry@alaska.gov>,Frank Bailey <ftb907@yahoo.com>, "Irwin, Tom E (DNR)"
              <tom.irwin@alaska.gov>,"Colberg, Talis J (LAW)" <talis.colberg@alaska.gov>,"Rutherford,
              Marty K (DNR)" <marty.rutherford@alaska.gov>,"Havemeister, Franci A (DNR)"
              <franci.havemeister@alaska.gov>

              Subject:   RE: letter to editor - Frontiersman




             Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




             -----Original Message-----

             From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]

             Sent: Friday, October 19, 2007 6:06 PM

             To: Balash, Joseph R (GOV); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Leschper, Beth (GOV)
                                                                   1




                                                                                                              P RA_GS P01 _0006758
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Cc: Tibbles , Michael A ( GOV); Perry , Kristina Y (GOV ); Frank Bailey ; Irwin, Tom E (DNR);
              Colberg , Talis J ( LAW); Rutherford , Marty K ( DNR); Havemeister , Franci A (DNR)

              Subject: Re: letter to editor - Frontiersman



            Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




             Sent from my BlackBerry ® device from Cellular one



             -----Original Message-----

             From :   " Balash , Joseph R ( GOV)" <joe . balash@alaska.gov>


      I
             Date :   Fri, 19 Oct 2007 17:55:25

             To:"Leighow , Sharon W ( GOV)" <sharon . leighow@alaska . gov>,ExternalEmailgsp
             <gov.sarah@yahoo . com>,"Leschper , Beth ( GOV)" <beth.leschper @alaska.gov>

             Cc:"Tibbles, Michael A ( GOV)" <mike . tibbles@alaska . gov>,"Perry , Kristina Y (GOV)"
             <kris . perry@alaska . gov>,Frank Bailey <ftb907 @yahoo.com>, "Irwin , Tom E (DNR)"
             <tom.irwin@alaska.gov>

             Subject:    RE: letter to editor - Frontiersman




             Governor:


            Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




                                                                2




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0006759
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




             Joe




             -----Original Message-----

             From : Leighow ,    Sharon W (GOV)

             Sent :   Friday,   October 19 ,, 2007 3:56 PM

             To: ExternalEmailgsp ; Leschper, Beth (GOV)

             Cc: Balash , Joseph R (GOV); Tibbles,      Michael A (GOV);     Perry, Kristina Y (GOV );     Frank
             Bailey ; Irwin , Tom E (DNR)

             Subject : RE: letter to editor - Frontiersman
      1



             Governor-



             At issue is the lawsuit over the Alaskan Grown logo . State claims ownership of the logo -
                                                          3




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0006760
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              the Mat-Su chapter of the Alaska Farm Bureau tried to get a federal patent for it. Here
              is an article and an editorial from the Frontiersman that gives the history-




              The question is at the heart of a lawsuit between the Alaska Department of Agriculture and
              the Mat-Su Chapter of the Alaska Farm Bureau. In a court decision handed down Monday, a
              judge found the state would suffer irreparable harm if the Mat-Su chapter proceeded with
              its attempt to get a federal trademark on the Alaska Grown logo.



              The lawsuit began in February 2006 and this week 's injuction came just days before the
              Alaska State Fair, where the Mat-Su Chapter of the Alaska Farm Bureau has a booth selling
              items emblazoned with the Alaska Grown logo.



              The Alaska Grown program was started in 1986, according to the Alaska Grown Web site. Its
              logo was a creation of the Alaska Division of Agriculture and the Alaska Farmers and
              Stockgrowers Association. The Stockgrowers Association became the Alaska Farm Bureau. The
              logo is both a marketing tool and a certification mark that indicates food bearing the
              logo is produced by farmers who are a part of the program. Sweatshirts and stickers with
              the logo are marketing tools and so are not required to be produced in Alaska.




              The farm marketing industry in Alaska is a $52 million business and Assistant Attorney
              General Steven Ross said that historically the state has allowed nonprofit farm
              organizations to use the logo for promotional purposes. The logo is used primarily on
              clothing the organizations sell and use for fundraising.



              The state ' s position is that the state owns the Alaska Grown logo , Ross said . That means
              the Mat-Su Farm Bureau chapter cannot trademark what the state owns.



              "It is a symbol of the Alaska Grown Program," Ross said , adding the Alaska Grown system
              was in place for nearly 20 years without problem.



             Ross said the issue began in 2005 when the Mat-Su chapter tried to register the logo with
             the federal patent office.



             The state asked representatives of the Mat - Su chapter to withdraw the federal trademark
             attempt and the Mat-Su Chapter refused, Ross said. The logo is registered with the state,
             but not at the federal level. If the Mat-Su federally trademarked the logo the state could
             loose control of how the logo is used.



             "The state has rights in that logo and it has to protect the other people involved in the
             Alaska Grown program, " Ross said.



             The state has terminated the right for the Mat-Su Chapter to use the Alaska Grown logo and
             Monday's court finding grants a motion for injunctive relief, which is what the state
                                                            4




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0006761
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              requested , Ross said.




              Politicians play dodgeball as ag industry bleeds



              Published on Thursday, October 11, 2007 10:00 PM AKDT




              The state and Mat-Su Chapter of the Alaska Farm Bureau seem no closer to settling a
              lawsuit hobbling an already shaky agriculture industry.



              The Alaska Grown logo - the familiar, friendly green, yellow and blue emblem - should be
              fused to a large playground ball as every politician in the state is playing dodgeball
              with it.



              The issue is ownership of the logo - who can use and profit from its use.

             Advertisement



              Few people outside the ag industry seem to understand the fierce tug-of-war over the logo.
              It's not surprising. There's been plenty of misinformation and accusations flying around.



             There is also some agreement.



             In the 1980s , a group of Alaska farmers and ranchers, and employees from various state and
             federal agencies , met to brainstorm ways to promote Alaska agriculture. Out of that
             meeting came the Alaska Grown logo, trademarked in 1985.



             The agreement ends there.



             Some say the state was chosen as caretaker of the logo. It was the state's job to ensure.
             farm products bearing the logo are indeed Alaska grown. Some say the state was granted the
             logo itself. The state's lawsuit was filed after the Mat-Su Farm Bureau chapter applied
             for federal trademark rights to the logo. While this incensed folks at the state Division
             of Agriculture, the Farm Bureau group argues it only made the application when the
             division failed to police knock-offs of the logo. A division representative has denied
             that charge, claiming the chapter was impatient in its demands, and the state was dealing
             with illegal distributors.



             At stake is a tidy sum of money earned - and I do mean earned - by the Mat-Su chapter and
             future income based on sales of non-food items bearing the logo.



             When I say "tidy," that's by modest standards. Mat-Su Farm Bureau brought in a record
                                                           5




                                                                                                     PRA GSPOI_0006762
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              gross profit of more than $65,000 at the recent Alaska State Fair in Palmer. A recent
              injunction forced the Farm Bureau chapter to turn over its profits because the chapter is
              allegedly making money on a logo it does not own. Instead, the state thinks it should have
              money it did not earn.




              Despite some posturing and the trademark application, the Alaska Farm Bureau makes no
              particular claim on the Alaska Grown logo. The Mat-Su chapter maintains it has the same
              claim to the logo as any of the other farm groups in the state. Its purpose for filing for
              the trademark was to protect the logo from those who would profit from it. The chapter is
              a nonprofit and uses funds earned to benefit the industry. It sells Alaska Grown T-shirts
              and sweatshirts to raise money for agricultural marketing efforts, farmland preservation,
              agricultural literacy and scholarships.



              Even folks at the Division of Agriculture would tell you the state spends less than it
              would like for ag marketing and education.



              It makes sense for the state to ensure any other use of the logo is restricted to that
              which promotes Alaska agriculture. It doesn't make sense for the state, through endless
              legal wrangling, to financially crush a farm organization that has been working hard -
              perhaps harder than the state itself - to promote local agriculture. it is
              counterproductive to a struggling industry and smacks of vindictiveness.



             The state has wasted thousands of dollars it could have used to promote agriculture, help
             the dairy industry or bolster agricultural literacy. The chapter has spent thousands of
             dollars it could ill afford and is threatened with loss of it profits from the Alaska
             Grown sales for.years past - money already spent on the promotion of agriculture and
             defense of the lawsuit.



             In the face of this travesty, the politicians - from the governor on down - dodge the
             ball, letting lawyers pass it back and forth instead of intervening with a just and
             reasonable. solution outside the courtroom. Without such intervention, this wanton waste of
             resources will become another of the. disasters that have plagued Alaska's agriculture.




             -----Original Message-----

             From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.saraheyahoo.com]

                                                           6




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0006763
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Sent :   Friday,    October 19 ,    2007 2:19 PM

              To: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Leschper, Beth (GOV)

              Cc: Balash , Joseph R ( GOV); Tibbles ,· Michael A (GOV);           Perry ,, Kristina Y (GOV); Frank
              Bailey ; Irwin , Tom E (DNR)

              Subject : Fw: letter to editor - Frontiersman



              Can anyone give me a synopsis of this issue ? What ' s the lawsuit about - how long has it
              been pending - how did I screw the farmers in this state - did Franci ask for a cut of
              plant materials center - etc.



              Ps. What does this have to do with the "Alaska Grown" button someone gave me at the fair
              that I pinned to my jacket...

              Sent from my BlackBerry ® device from Cellular one



              -----Original Message-----

              From :   " Colberg ,   Talis J    ( LAW)" <talis . colbergo alaska.gov>




              Date :   Fri, 19 Oct 2007 14:02:10

              To: ExternalEmailgsp < gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

              Subject :   RE: letter to editor - Frontiersman




              Dear Governor Palin,

                        I am sorry to see this happening.

                    This is a case where I had to remove myself from participation.   My cousin, Mark
             Rempel, is a farmer and involved in the lawsuit. So, due to the conflict, I delegated all
             of my authority to Mr . Tillery. The attorney Tillery assigned. to actually working the
             case for the State of Alaska is a Mr . Steve Ross in our Anchorage office . If you, or
             anyone from your office needs to talk about the legal status , details or policy decisions
             behind the case they should call Mr. Ross at 269-5278 .  I cannot be directly involved in
             this matter because of the conflict.



                       Talis



              -----Original Message-----

             From : gov.sarahoyahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]

             Sent :    Friday,   October 19 ,    2007 1:46 PM

             To: Balash ,      Joseph R   (GOV); Irwin,    Tom E (DNR)

             Cc: Rehfeld, Karen J (GOV)
                                                                      7




                                                                                                                PRA GSPO1_0006764
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Subject: Fw: letter to editor - Frontiersman



              Ugh. Jusy fyi

              Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



              -----Original Message-----

              From : gov.sarah@yahoo.com



              Date: Fri, 19 Oct 2007 21:44:08

              To:"K Perry" <kris.perry@alaska.gov>,"Mike Tibbles" <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>

              Cc:"Frank Bailey" <ftb907@yahoo.com>

              Subject: Fw: letter to editor - Frontiersman




              Holy geez. Kris- plks give franci a head's up.

              Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



              -----Original Message-----

              From: "Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)" <sharon.leighow@alaska.gov>




              Date: Fri, 19 Oct 2007 13:11:19

              To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

              Subject: letter to editor - Frontiersman




              Governor-




              We are going to have Commissioner Irwin or Dick LaFever respond to this.




              FYI




              State works against farmers




                                                                                                        PRA_GSP01_0006765
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Published on Thursday, October 18, 2007 10:27 PM AKDT

              This is a message to Gov. Sarah Palin.




               Your picture appeared on the front page of the Anchorage Daily News Oct. 15. You were
              wearing the Alaska Grown patch, sporting the logo you are suing the farmers for.



               While supporting more tax on oil and gas, you are suing the farmers who produce a
              sustainable product for the state. Not only are the farmers being sued for their interest
              in promoting Alaska Grown, but you recently appointed Franci Havemeister as director to
              the Division of Agriculture. The only qualification she brought to the job was that she
              was your high school buddy. You passed up many more qualified people to choose her.




              I thought the last administration was bad about appointing good of boys. Is it good of
              girls now? Franci didn ' t even know what the Plant Materials Center was when she became
              director, and I notice that you have zeroed the Plant Materials Center out of the budget
              for next year. It happens to be the single most important source of quality seed stock in
              the state and the single most important resource for farmers.



              Wow, you really know how to cripple the farming industry in this state! Suppose you
             "win". the lawsuit against the farmers who have done so much to support Alaska Grown and
             make it popular. Without help and support from the farmers, the logo will probably wither
             and die because we will promote something else and make it popular too. What a shame! I
             can't wait for the public to learn that the Division of Agriculture has sent and received
             45,000 a-mails condemning or concerning Alaska Grown.




              Matanuska Maid and the state are directly responsible 100 percent for the failure of
             dairy farmers at Point MacKenzie . Yet you spend hundreds of thousands of state dollars to
             save mat Maid, even though it is selling mostly Outside milk. I hope that you wear your
             logo with pride, as you have already caused Alaska farmers much grief with your lawsuit.
             You can't strong-arm us if we choose to abandon the promotion of Alaska Grown, and the
             logo won't be the same even if you do "win" the lawsuit. The agricultural community has
             already suffered losses of about $100,004 in legal fees to defend the logo. That amount
             makes the division's efforts even smaller because the Division of Agriculture has done
             nothing for farmers , nor do I expect it ever to with the contentious climate that now
             exists.



              River Bean




              Arctic Organics




              Palmer




                                                          9




                                                                                                    PRA_GSP01 0006766
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Sharon Leighow

              Deputy Press Secretary

              Deputy Communications Director



              (907)   269-7450 Anchorage

              (907)   465-4031 Juneau

              (907)   240-7943 cell




                                                       10
