Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Unknown
              From:                     gov.sarah@yahoo.com
              Sent:                     Friday, October 19, 2007 2:19 PM
              To:                       Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Leschper; Beth (GOV)
              Cc:                       Balash; Joseph R (GOV); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Frank Bailey;
                                        Irwin; Tom E (DNR)
              Subject :                 Fw: letter to editor - Frontiersman


              Can anyone give me a synopsis of this issue? What's the lawsuit about - how long has it
              been pending - how did I screw the farmers in this state - did Franci ask for a cut of
              plant materials center - etc.



              Ps. What does this have to do with the "Alaska Grown" button someone gave me at the fair
              that I pinned to my jacket...

              Sent from my BlackBerrye device from Cellular one



              -----Original Message-----

              From: "Colberg, Talis J (LAW)" <talis.colberg@alaska.gov>



              Date: Fri, 19 Oct 2007 14:02:10

              To: ExternalEmailgsp <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

              Subject: RE: letter to editor - Frontiersman




              Dear Governor Palin,

                          I am sorry to see this happening.

                    This is a case where I had to remove myself from participation. My cousin, Mark
             Rempel, is a farmer and involved in the lawsuit. So, due to the conflict, I delegated all
             of my authority to Mr. Tillery. The attorney Tillery assigned to actually working the
             case for the State of Alaska is a Mr . Steve Ross in our Anchorage office . If you, or
             anyone from your office needs to talk about the legal status, details or policy decisions
             behind the case they should call Mr. Ross at 269 -5278.  I cannot be directly involved in
             this matter because of the conflict.



                      Talis



             -----Original Message-----

             From: gov.saraheyyahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]

             Sent: Friday, October 19, 2007 1:46 PM

             To: Balash, Joseph R (GOV); Irwin, Tom E (DNR)


                                                                     1




                                                                                                                    PRA_GSP01_0006777
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Cc: Rehfeld, Karen J (GOV)

               Subject: Fw: letter to editor - Frontiersman



              Ugh. Jusy fyi

               Sent from my B1ackBerrym device from Cellular one



               -----Original Message-----

              From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com



              Date: Fri, 19 Oct 2007 21:44:08

              To:"K Perry" .kris.perry@alaska.gov>,"Mike Tibbles" <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>

              Cc:"Frank Bailey" <ftb907@yahoo.com>

              Subject: Fw: letter to editor - Frontiersman




              Holy geez. Kris- plks give franci a head's up.

              Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular one



              -----Original Message-----

              From: "Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)" <sharon.leighow@alaska.gov>



              Date :   Fri, 19 Oct 2007 13:11:19

              To:gov. sarah@yahoo.com

              Subject: letter to editor - Frontiersman




             Governor-




             We are going to have Commissioner Irwin or Dick LaFever respond to this.




             FYI




             State works against farmers


                                                              2




                                                                                                        PRA GSPOI_0006778
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Published on Thursday, October 18, 2007 10:27 PM AKDT

              This is a message to Gov. Sarah Palin.



               Your picture appeared on the front page of the Anchorage Daily News Oct. 15. You were
              wearing the Alaska Grown patch, sporting the logo you are suing the farmers for.



               While supporting more tax on oil and gas, you are suing the farmers who produce a
              sustainable product for the state. Not only are the farmers being sued for their interest
              in promoting Alaska Grown, but you recently appointed Franci Havemeister as director to
              the Division of Agriculture. The only qualification she brought to the job was that she
              was your high school buddy. You passed up many more qualified people to choose her.




              I thought the last eftinistration was bad about appointing good of boys. Is it good of
              girls now? Franci didn't even know what the Plant Materials Center was when she became
              director, and I notice that you have zeroed the Plant Materials Center out of the budget
              for next year. It happens to be the single most important source of quality seed stock in
              the state and the single most important resource for farmers.



               Wow, you really. know how to cripple the farming industry in this state! Suppose you
              "win" the lawsuit against the farmers who have done so much to support Alaska Grown and
              make it popular. Without help and support from the farmers, the logo will probably wither
              and die because we will promote something else and make it popular too. What a shame! I
              can't wait for the public to learn that the Division of Agriculture has sent and received
              45,000 a-mails condemning or concerning Alaska Grown.




              Matanuska Maid and the state are directly responsible 100 percent for the failure of
             dairy farmers at Point MacKenzie. Yet you spend hundreds of thousands of state dollars to
             save Mat Maid, even though it is selling mostly outside milk. I hope that you wear your
             logo with pride, as you have already caused Alaska farmers much grief with your lawsuit.
             You can't strong-arm us if we choose to abandon the promotion of Alaska Grown, and the
             logo won't be the same even if you do "win" the lawsuit. The agricultural community has
             already suffered losses of about $100,000 in legal fees to defend the logo. That amount
             makes the division's efforts even smaller because the Division of Agriculture has done
             nothing for farmers, nor do I expect it ever to with the contentious climate that now
             exists.



               River Bean




               Arctic Organics




               Palmer



                                                           3




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0006779
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Sharon Leighow

              Deputy Press Secretary

              Deputy Communications Director



               (907)   269-7450 Anchorage

               (907)   465 - 4031 Juneau

               (907)   240-7943 cell




                                                         4




                                                                                                   PRA GSPOI 0006780
