Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From :                  gov.sarah@yahoo.com
              Sent:                   Saturday, October 20, 2007 7:56 AM
              To:                     Ruaro; Randall P (GOV); Mason; Janice L (GOV)
              Cc:                     Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
              Subject :               Fw: Ferries


              Thanks for your ferries update Randy . It's very important that the COS travel there too,
              too hear their concerns . I've asked Janice to schedule that in the next few days . Thanks!

              Sent from my BlackBerrym device from Cellular One



              -----Original Message-----

              From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com



              Date: Sat, 20 Oct 2007 15:50:52

              To:"Mike Tibbles" <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>

              Cc:"Janice Mason" <janice . mason@alaska .gov>,"K Perry" <kris.perry@alaska.gov>,"Beth
              Leschper" <beth.leschper@alaska.gov>

              Subject: Ferries




              Mike- i'll need you to travel to sitka to meet with the mayor (and any other community
              leaders) to hear their serious concerns about the ferries. Again, as I explained when Beth
              and I returned, it was unexpected (and inexcusable) to have been bombarded with the
              residents' concerns expressed everywhere we went.



              It would be good for you to get out and about Alaska anyway! And since it's just a puddle
              jump.over there I ask you (I'll have janice do so ) to schedule in the next couple of days
              a visit to discuss with sitka all of their concerns. (It's ok that their leggies won't be
              there... Randy and Russ can follow up with leggies.)



              There are any issues we can't keep putting off - this is one of them.



              Thanks mike, appreciate you doing this and look forward to giving you more opportunties to
              travel to other areas , as you can tell it' s impossible for me to be everywhere at once and
              you can step in on some of these . Thanks!

              Sent from my BlackBerrye device from Cellular One




                                                                   1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0006808
