Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                   Page 1 of 2


                 Unknown

                  From :   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.gov]
                  Sent:    Friday, October 19, 2007 2:16 PM
                  To:      Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                  Subject : FW: Lyn McGee Joins Center for Women' s Business Research



                 From: CfWBR Info [mailto:info@cfwbr.org]
                 Sent: Friday, October 19, 2007 9:59 AM
                 To: CfWBR Info
                 Subject: NR: Lyn McGee Joins Center for Women's Business Research




                                                                               Contact Juanita M . Weaver
                                                                               Director of Media & Strategic Alliances
                                                                               Center for Women's Business Research
                                                                               202-638-3060 x 719
                                                                               iweaverO)womensbusi nessresearch. ora


                 Release Date: October 19, 2007


                                                 Lyn McGee
                                Joins Center for Women's Business Research
                                As Director of Marketing and Communications


                 Washington , DC - The Center for Women' s Business Research announced today that Lyn
                 Chamness McGee has joined the Center as director of marketing and communications . She will
                 be the lead executive responsible for communicating the mission and accomplishments of the
                 Center to a variety of audiences . Her first priorities will be enhancing the brand strategy and
                 creating an interactive online presence for the Center.

                 Prior to joining the Center, McGee was a senior marketing officer at Ashoka: Innovators for the
                 Public, a non-profit international organization that supports entrepreneurs solving social issues
                 through large scale innovations. While in that position, she led their marketing communication
                 strategies and fund raising campaigns.




                 11/9/2009


                                                                                                                     PRA_GSP01_0006793
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                               Page 2 of 2


                  "We are looking to Lyn to help us grow to the next level," said Margaret A. Smith, chair, Center for
                  Women's Business Research. "Her wealth of experience in marketing and communications brings a
                  fresh perspective and depth to our existing strategies . We welcome her to our senior staff."

                  Before joining Ashoka, McGee served as vice president of marketing for Telarix, a firm that uses
                  emerging technologies to deliver call management solutions that make it easier for companies to
                  participate in the global economy.

                  "It's exciting to work with an organization that is doing so much to advance the economic, social and
                  political impact of women business owners," said Lyn McGee. "It forwards the cause of all women and
                  helps shape a better society."


                  At MCI Communications, Inc., McGee held several positions over the course of her eleven years
                  progressing from product manager of MCI's virtual voice service to a leadership position in sales where
                  the organization she managed achieved a $ 15 million revenue goal.

                  McGee has fifteen years experience in the technology sector and has had a wide range of experiences
                  in various sales and marketing roles. All of her experience has been focused on helping organizations
                  use technology to improve their business operations, reach, and impact.

                 McGee is an avid outdoor enthusiast and recently completed her second sprint triathlon. She also
                 volunteers in her parish community and as a Boy Scout den leader and a Girl Scout troop leader.

                                                                          # # #
                 About the Center for Women's Business Research
                 The Center for Women's Business Research provides data-driven knowledge that advances the economic, social , and political
                 impact of women business owners. We do this by setting the national agenda; creating insight on the status and achievements
                 of women business owners; altering perceptions about the economic viability and progress of women-owned enterprises, and
                 driving awareness of the economic and social impact of this vital business sector. For more information, visit
                 www.womensbusinessresearch. or4.




                  11/9/2009



                                                                                                                                  PRA_GSP01 _0006794
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                  A Council on Hemispheric Affairs Press Release                                                 Page 1 of 2


                  Unknown

                  From:       Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
                  Sent:       Friday, October 19, 2007 10:04 AM
                  To:         Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                  Subject : FW: COHA Report: the current state of the OAS



                  From . Council on Hemispheric Affairs [mailto:mailinglist@coha.org]
                  Sent: Friday, October 19, 2007 10:00 AM
                  To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
                  Subject: COHA Report: the current state of the OAS



                  A Council on Hemispheric Affairs Press
                                 Release
                                              About Us Archives Forum Internships

                     The Organization of American States:
                                                On its Deathbed?
                                                  COHA - To Our Readers
                   Unfortunately, an older and unedited version of the COHA piece entitled "The OAS: On
                   its Deathbed?" was inadvertently sent out to a very small cohort of COHA readers on
                   October 17 before an error was discovered and the press run was immediately aborted.
                   Due to a computer editing error, the author, Sean Bartlett did not catch that two different
                   facts were spliced into one sentence. Jose Miguel Insulza, as a young man in his late
                   twenties, was a political director in the Chilean Foreign Ministry under the Allende
                   administration, eventually rising to the rank of foreign minister decades later under the
                   second Frei Administration after returning from exile abroad during the Pinochet
                   dictatorship. (He, of course, was not Chile's foreign minister under Allende as stated in
                   the version that was sent in error). The error has been corrected and the author regrets
                   this mistake.
                        · Should the OAS be reconstituted with Canada and the US as observer
                          nations, or can the US revise its role as both a leader and an ally that
                          respects its own limitations?
                        · Sovereign rights are no meager subject

                        · Latin America needs its freedom and autonomy outside the OAS in
                          order for it to grow

                  llness is not usually the equivalence of death. This aphorism is being applied by some to
                 the health of the Organization of American States (OAS), the premiere regional
                 organization and forum for the democratic nations of the Western Hemisphere. As the
                 international political landscape has evolved from the Cold War to the Wars on Drugs and
                 Terror, the United States, the OAS' proverbial elephant, has diverted much of its attention
                 to events occurring outside of the region. Thus, today it almost seems to be a fallacy that as


                  11/9/2009



                                                                                                                  PRA_GSPO1_0006795
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                  A Council on Hemispheric Affairs Press Release                                                                   Page 2 of 2


                   oes the U.S., so goes the OAS. In terms of investment and trade matters this may be a legitimate
                   oncern, but the long-term political, economic, and social thrust of the other Western Hemispheric
                   ations does not seem to be adversely affected by a cut-back in U.S. attention to the region. In fact,
                  ,nany of them have thrived, with a number of them welcoming a lesser role for the U.S. because thi
                  ffill allow for pluralism, diversification, and experimentation now that Washington's often heavy
                   and has been lightened. However, a lesser role that has translated to the U.S.' virtual
                   isappearance concerning hemispheric affairs in the last several years was not originally envisaged.
                   he subsequent result has been a growing number of voices inviting inquiry as to the contempora
                  elevance of the OAS.

                                                                                                                             Full article..)

                  'his analysis was prepared by COHA Research Associate Sean Bartlett



                  rriday, October 19th, 2007 1 Press release 07.72


                  The Council on Hemispheric Affairs,founded in 1975, is an independent, non profit, non partisan, tax-exempt research and
                   information organization. If has been described on the Senate f loor as being "one of the nation 's most respected bodies of
                       scholars and policy makers."For more information, please see our web page at unow. coha.org; or contact our
                                 Washington offices by phone (202) 223-4975,fax (202) 223-4979, or email coha@coha.org.
                                          If you no longer wish to receive our press releases, you may unsubscribe.




                 11/9/2009



                                                                                                                                    PRA_GSP01_0006796
