Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From:                   Dorothy Anderson [dorothyann1936@hotmail.com]
              Sent:                   Saturday, October 20, 2007 3:05 PM
              To:                     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
              Cc:                     Notti; Emil R (CED)
              Subject:                PPT and Energy Comments




              October, 20, 2007




              Dear Governor Palin:




              Thank you for having the legislature address PPT once again. I agree with many Alaskans
              that there is a cloud of uncertainty that hangs over what was passed earlier. I don't
              think all of the legislators were co -opted by improper influence but it is clear that some
              were.



              Also, pushing for more revenue when oil prices are high makes economic sense to me. I
              don't know what other politicians mean when they say we need to get our "fair share". That
              is a political cliche that makes no sense unless you define "fair share" as you have in
              your proposed legislaton.



              Will the oil companies leave if we get a greater share of the value of our oil? Let them
              leave because there will be a host of other producers that will line up to take over in a
              Nushagak heartbeat.



              I hope that you will be successful and that some of our extra earnings from high oil
              prices will be used to help our villages survive $6 a gallon heating oil and $5'a gallon
              gasoline.



              The following suggestions are needed very soon to save our villages from closing down
              their municipal offices, closing more schools, and prevent more peope from becoming energy
              refugees because of high cost energy.



              I have proposed in earlier communications with your office that a sales tax waiver program
              be considered that will allow municipalities to waive the sale tax on heating fuel,
              gasoline, and electricity and have the state reimburse the communities that adopt the
              sales tax waiver program. This proposed program should have a three year sunset clause for
              review in the event a low cost energy program is found that is helping to lower the cost
              of energy.



              A second proposal has been a State-Wide Fuel Coop that would take State Royalty oil and
              have it refined in Alaska and have the refined products distributed via our traditional
              delivery system we currently use.

              I believe that if all of our communities are beneficiaries of this proposal that
                                                                  1




                                                                                                            PRA GSPO1_0006801
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              sufficient political support can be found to make it happen.



              Further, we should fund the ANGDA proposal to test the use of propane as an alternative
              fuel to diesel in our villages. I believe that ANGDA asked for $5 million for a test
              program last year but I am not sure that they were successful in acquiring that funding.



              Finally, we do need an Energy Czar that can focus on our need to adopt and implement an
              Alaska Energy Policy that will make Alaska energy self-sufficient by 2025. IF there is one
              person that has the full support of the Govenor, I believe that we will get to on a path
              to energy self-sufficiency much earlier than 2025.



              Dorothy and I wish you success in your efforts to clear the air on PPT.



              Best regards,



              Nels and Dorothy Anderson

              Box 234

              Dillingham, Alaska 99576

              907-952-7039




              cc: Commissioner Emil Notti




              Attachment: My comments on AOGA' s speech to the Juneau Chamber of Commerce.



              Kara Moriarty's speech to Juneau Chamber of Commercep

              From: Nels Anderson     (dorothyannl936@hotmail.com)

              Sent :   Fri 10/19/07 3:41 PM

              To. editor@juneauempire.com




              October 19, 2007




              Dear Editor:




              These are my comments on Alaska Oil and Gas Association's Kara Moriarty's speech to the
              Juneau Chamber of Commerce touting "Jobs not Taxes." It has been well known for many
                                                           2




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0006802
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              years that many Rural Alaskans did not get many of the jobs on building the oil pipeline.
              That has not changed over the years. Very few minorities work on the North Slope now.



              Many jobs are held by outsiders and they commute from as far away as Minnesota and the
              south. That is not right when you look at a village by village unemployment rate
              throughout the life of the oil pipeline.



              How is the oil industry and the state going to make sure that more jobs go to Alaskans ALL
              across Alaska?



              Finally, how much money have the oil companies made since the pipeline was paid for? No
              one ever mentions that and in addition, that is OUR oil, not theirs.



              Thank you,



              Nels Anderson, Jr,

              Box 234

              Dillingham, Alaska 99576

              907-952-7039




              Help yourself to FREE treats served up daily at the Messenger Cafe . Stop by today.

              http:// www.cafemessenger . com/info /info_sweetstuff2 .html?ocid=TXT TAGLM_OctwLtagline




                                                             3




                                                                                                        PRA GSP01 0006803
