Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From :                  gov.sarah@yahoo.com
              Sent:                   Saturday, October 20, 2007 8:29 PM
              To:                     Irwin; Tom E (DNR); Rutherford; Marty K (DNR)
              Subject:                Fw: Heads Up


              I'll talk to Bill tomorrow.



              Also, did you catch the nat'l news tonight where Bush is undertaking a further initiative
              to "protect fish and habitat" - you know he's seeing some writing on the wall and knows
              he's got to get out front on protective initiatives to prove his development agenda can be
              sound, and accepted by at least some of the conservationists/environmentalists. If the GOP
              doesn't, they're going to be steam rolled.



              It's a political lesson for us also , perhaps.

              Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular one



              -----Original Message-----

             From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com



             Date: Sun, 21 Oct 2007 04:23:26

             To:"jeffress" < jeffress @alaska.net>

             Subject: Re: Heads Up




             You bet Bill. I drive back into Anchorage tomorrow evening to get on the Juneau flt... how
             about me calling you on that drive in?



             And my cell is Privlle ed if for some reason you don't hear from me before I get on the
             flight - call me . Thank you

             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular one



             -----Original Message-----

             From: "jeffress" <jeffress@alaska.net>



             Date: Sat, 20 Oct 2007 20:20:59

             To:"'Sarah Palin'" <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

             Subject: Heads Up
                                                                   1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0006797
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Dear Governor,




             You are doing a great job and I really appreciate your service to Alaska. As a follow up
             to Tom Irwin and Marty Rutherford's earlier email today, I request an opportunity to
             provide private industry ' s views of the issues they have outlined and raise the level of
             urgency to respond to these attacks by Bob Gillam on your administration .     Mr. Gillam's
             all out campaign on one project and the State permitting process has the very real
             potential to negatively affect not only the Pebble project and mineral resource
             development in general , but also future resource development on federal , state and ANCSA
             lands including oil and gas activities in Bristol Bay.



             Although I apologize for contacting you over the weekend, these are very important issues
             that require immediate attention and a response from you. if I could have just a few
             moments of your time for a phone conversation to further appraise you of the situation,
             industry's view of your priorities, and the short timeline to respond in order to turn
             the tide, it would allow me to help you and the State. I can be reached directly at (907)
             952-6062 or if one of your staff could leave a call back number and a convenient time for
             me to call it would be greatly appreciated. Thank you.



             Sincerely,



             Bill Jeffress




                                                          2




                                                                                                     PRA_GSPOI _0006798
