Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From :                  Mason, Janice L (GOV) [janice.mason@alaska.gov)
              Sent:                   Saturday, October 20, 2007 12:58 PM
              To:                     Patin; Sarah (GOV sponsored)
              Subject:                FW: Military_and Veterans_Affairs




              -----Original Message-----

              From: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Sent: Wednesday, October 17, 2007 9:47 AM

              To: susan-coles@sbcglobal.net

              Subject: RE: Military and_Veterans Affairs



              Ms. Coles:

              Thank you for your wonderful email, I will forward it to the Governor.



              -----Original Message-----

              From: WebMailogov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

              Sent: Tuesday, October 16, 2007 4:45 PM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Subject: Military-and Veterans-Affairs




              Web mail from: Ms. Susan Coles

              address :   2601 Seminole Cir Altus OK 73521

               580-379-4905




              MESSAGE:

              Governor Palin,




              I am taking a few moments to write from Oklahoma - I want to let you know what an
              inspiration you are!  I am fiercely proud to have been born and raised in Alaska. I have
              always been thankful that the first 20 years of my life were spent in such beauty and
              diversity. I have followed Alaska news since I left in 1993. (I have to keep up with
              current events for when I finally move back home!) I knew of you when you were Mayor of
              Wasilla and was thrilled when you were elected Governor. I admire all you are doing
              politically, but I really want to compliment you on something that touches my heart on a
              personal level and that is your support of the Alaskan military members. Your commitment
              to them is a reflection of your beliefs in this country, your state and your people! I
                                                                  1




                                                                                                            PRA GSPO1_0006806
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              work as a contractor to the Air Force at Altus Air Force Base and am married to a retired
              aircrew member - our military members mean a lot to me and your commitment to our soldiers
              always makes me proud.



              I have never been more honored to be an Alaskan. I know my home is in great hands.
              Wishing you all the best!



              Sincerely,



              Susan Coles

              Altus, OK




              susan- coles@sbcglobal.net

              PLEASE ADD TO E-NEWS




                                                           2




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0006807
