Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                             Page 1 of 3



                 Unknown

                  From :     Kreitzer, Annette E (DOA) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                             GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=AEKREITZER]
                  Sent:      Saturday, October 20, 2007 1:18 PM
                  To:        gov.sarah@yahoo.com
                  Subject: State employee records

                Governor:

                After our conversation this morning, I asked Kevin Brooks to provide some
                information about the authorities for viewing employee records and some history of
                these types of requests.                     _

                AUTHORITIES:
                The Commissioner for the Department of Administration (DOA) is responsible for
                telecommunications for the State. (AS 44.21.305-390) Under this broad authority,
                requests for access to electronic records generated by State employees on State
                equipment, come through the Commissioner of DOA.

               Each employee signs the "State of Alaska Information Technology and
               Telecommunication Security Policies" document when hired by the State. The
               relevant portion of the six-page document is:

                           IV. POLICY:
                          1. GENERAL USE AND OWNERSHIP

                             A. State systems are to be used for state business and as such users of these
                            systems shall not expect any reasonable right to privacy of information stored on or
                            accessed by the systems . All data created on State of Alaska systems or networks
                            remains the property of the State of Alaska. In addition , contents of any computer(s)
                            connected to the state 's networks may be subject to records requests.

                             B. For security and network maintenance purposes , authorized individuals within
                            the State of Alaska may monitor equipment , systems and network traffic at any time.
                             C. The State of Alaska reserves the right to audit networks and systems to ensure
                            compliance with this policy.

               HOW ARE THE REQUESTS GENERATED?
               There are generally three ways a request for viewing an employee's electronic records
               occurs:
                  1) Generated by the Governor, the Governor's Chief of Staff or the Commissioner
                     of DOA.
                  2) Generated by a supervisor, working with the Division of Personnel, where the
                     supervisor suspects an employee is spending time surfing the Internet on State
                     time rather than doing State business. This can also include inappropriate use
                     of State equipment, up to and including downloading pornography.
                  3) By a subpoena or court order involving the Department of Public Safety or the


               8/24/2009



                                                                                                                PRA GSPOI_0006810
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                    Page 2 of 3


                   Department of Law.

                The. Commissioner of DOA would be informed if the request came under 1 or 3, but
                not necessarily under 2.

                *My understanding is that your desire from today forward is that only the
                Governor can sign off on any requests to view employee electronic records
                generated by a request from the Governor 's office or the Commissioner of DOA.

                The Division of Personnel receives between 20-40 requests/year for employee
                investigations involving some sort of reviewing an employee's electronic activities.
                These requests are sent in writing to the State Security Office under the Division of
                Personnel Director's authority in AS 39.25.050 and 2 AAC 07.910. Generally these
                requests are very specific either to dates of activity (where the complaint is
                inappropriate use of time) or looking for evidence of illegal or inappropriate use -
                more topic specific searches. There must be some probable cause here, these are not
                fishing expeditions even though, as an employer the State has every right to view
                records generated on State equipment. The request dictates the level of review. DOP
                employees with access to confidential information must sign an acknowledgment to
                this effect. Depending on the request:
                    1) the Supervisor would get a report of activity back from the State Security
                       Office;
                    2) the Division of Personnel staff would get a report of activity to share with the
                       supervisor;
                    3) the DOP Staff could be given mirror image access to a computer; or
                   4) most often, the DOP staff are given access to a secure website where the State
                       Security Office has posted relevant information from the employee's computer.
                       The DOP staff use special enhanced tools to view the information.

               *1 don 't know if you want to be party to these types of investigations. I
               normally am not - only if there is likely to be an arrest or if the offense is
               particularly serious . The Director must sign off on these requests, and
               therefore there is a requirement that there is a reasonable suspicion of
               inappropriate use of State equipment . These types of investigations are in the
               hands of employees trained in human resources . My recommendation would be
              Privileged or Personal Material Redacted


               As for subpoenas, Darrell has seen several of these since he began working in the
               Department a little over five years ago. Generally, these are very specific (much like
               public information requests). Generally, these involve gathering all emails and
               related documents such as happened in the Alaska Homegrown controversy. He has
               not seen a court order in the time he has been in his position as State Security
               Officer.

               *My recommendation would be Privileged or Personal Material Redacted
             'Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




               8/24/2009


                                                                                                        PRA GSP01_0006811
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                   Page 3 of 3


                Please let me know if you need additional information, if you would like a more
                formal process than this, or if this just generates more questions.

                IS be in the office 465-5670 until about 3:30 p.m. and then I'll head toward home
               Privileged or P
                aak




               8/24/2009


                                                                                                      PRA GSP01 0006812
