Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From:                   Mason, Janice L (GOV) [janice.mason@alaska.gov)
              Sent:                   Monday, October 22, 2007 3:17 PM
              To:                     Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored)
              Subject:                FW: Other




              -----Original Message-----

              From: Governor Sarah Patin (GOV sponsored)

              Sent: Monday, October 22, 2007 1:25 PM

              To: mariegrieveeyahoo.com

              Subject: RE: Other



              Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
              information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor.   Although she is
              unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
              being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
              need, suggestion, or comment.




              -----Original Message-----

              From : WebMailegov.state.ak.us imailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

              Sent: Monday, October 22, 2007 1:34 PM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Subject: Other




             Web mail from: Ms. Marie Lindahl

             address: 3610 36th Ave S. # 2 Seattle WA 98144

               206-330-6372




             MESSAGE:

             Hi Sarah,

                First off I wanted to tell you Congratulations! The last time I was in Alaska I saw
             signs indicating that you were running for governor. Someone that I was speaking with
             earlier just made me think to see what the outcome had been.



             I'm actually not even sure if you remember me, but my maiden name was Grieve when I spent
                                                                  1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0006959
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              time with you and your family one summer out in Bristol Bay. I was 16 at the time and had
              been recommended by my cheerleading coach, Marilyn Lane, for babysitting purposes.     At the
              time , Willow was just around a year old . It's crazy to see how much they ' ve grown from
              the photo on your website. I see you still like to fishing in Bristol Bay. :)



              I am actually now an attorney in the State of Washington for DSHS .  I also recently got
              married this past summer which was huge .  I would really love to hear your
              ideas/ strategies on getting into politics and hope that you would even have time to spare
              to give me a call or drop me a line.



              I hear you're doing a great job and say hi to Todd, Track, Bristol, and Willow for me.




              Marie




              mariegrieve@yahoo.com




                                                            2




                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0006960
