Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
             From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov)
             Sent:                    Monday, October 22, 2007 11:26 AM
             To:                      ksf3000@yahoo.com
             Subject:                 RE: International-Relations-and-Trade


             Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
             information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
             unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
             being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
             need, suggestion, or comment.




              -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

             Sent : Monday, October 22, 2007 7:24 AM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: International-Relations-and-Trade



             Web mail from: Kristine Fulton

             address :   PO Box 3123 Sitka AK 99835

               907-738-3103




             MESSAGE:


       I     Dear Governor Sarah Palin,



             Thank you so very much for coming to the "Sitka Pioneers Home Tea", on Alaska Day: We
             were all so delighted you could stop in for a brief visit. We are sorry that you missed
             the following listed performances:

             "Alaska Flag Song" arranged by Concertmistress Megumi Fujita, of the Tokyo Symphony and
             performed by "Sitka Suzuki Strings".

             "SitNiks"-Sitka's own local Russian folk ensemble.

             " Megumi Fujita, Tamaki Goto and Rumi Sera" Original music and dance choreography.

             "Victor Gorodinsky"      Conductor of the Russian Folk Orchestra at the University. of
             Wisconsin , Madison.

             "New Archangel Russian Dancers"




             However, we hope you enjoyed the "Seattle FIrefighters Pipes and Drums" with the "Portland
                                                                   1




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0006961
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Oregon Firefighters Pipes and Drums " as they played for Sitka ' s very own " Sitka Spruce
              Highland Dancers"> I am the Director of the " Sitka Spruce Highland Dancers", and am very
              happy that you came.



              Sitka Pioneers Homes residents and staff were thrilled that you visited and took time to
              meet some of them.  Thank you!



              The Japanese artists performed with the Juneau Symphony this weekend, and will do a small
              performance at "Glacier Valley School" in the valley this Monday (October 22nd) morning
              for Ms . Lorrie Heagy ' s class . I understand Ms. Heagy is the sole recipient of a very
              special award from the " Kennedy Center ", which promotes arts in the schools .  She is the
              only recipient of this award west of the Mississippi. New studies document that children
              who have access to music , dance , and other artistic venues, do far better accademically
              than those who do not.



              Please consider visiting Ms. Heagy's classroom today , noon - lpm, while the Japanese artists
              are there. They will perform for the children, along with Kathleen Wayne, and a few other
              artists from Juneau . Also , some of the children will perform for the Japanese ladies.



              Please remember that the Japanes artists are on a cultural exchange from IAC Tokyo, an
              organization dedicated to keeping world peace through the cultural exchange of performing
              artists.



              Kathleen Wayne, would be a good contact if you could possibly attend this small activity.
              907-789-1207 ( home ) 907-321-8030.




              Thank you again , for coming to Sitka, marching in our parade, visiting our "New Performing
              Arts Center "--which still does not have a name , ( we are waiting for someone to do
              something special to help finance completion ), and visiting the Pioneer Home.



             All the best,



             Kris Fulton

              907-738-3103




             ksf3000@yahoo.com




                                                            2




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0006962
