Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                               Page 1 of 7


                 Unknown

                  From :      Governor Sarah Patin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
                  Sent:       Tuesday, October 23, 2007 10:42 AM
                  To:         Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                  Subject : FW: Government Acquisition Management Training - For Gov't & Gov't Contractors



                 From : Government Best Practices Training Series [mailto:admin@marketaccess.org]
                 Sent: Tuesday, October 23, 2007 4:53 AM
                 To: Governor Sarah Patin (GOV sponsored)
                 Subject : Government Acquisition Management Training - For Gov't & Gov't Contractors

                 To:governor@gov.state.ak.us   *** Government Business Management - 5 Workshops -Best
                 Practices Training . These courses routinely fill up early. Please register soonest.

                 All workshops are recommended for Continuous Learning Points (CLPs) toward DAWIA/FAC-C requirements. A
                 Govemment*Horizons Certificate of Completion will be provided to all attendees upon conclusion of the workshop.

                 Video Training Also Available : Introduction to Federal Government Contracting now available
                 in four one-hour video training modules. Designed for new employees or newly assigned to government
                 contract effort, this training is the most flexible video training available. Includes course book, Q&A with
                 the instructor, and 30-days access to the modules. For more information go to
                 www.governmenthorizons.org. Government*Horizons Is proud to be recognized as a training
                 partner with the Defense Acquisition University (DAU) and GSA. Over 27 companies and agencies have
                 purchased site licenses for this training.

                                             Government* Horizons Training Workshops (TM)


                                        Performance Based Contracting
                                                             November 5-7, 2007


                                         Performance Work Statements
                                                             November 8-9, 2007

                        Outstanding course. I feel ready to take on my task order next week.- Murray Rupert, Dept. Dir.,
                                                                  Logistics, DoD.


                 Critical Roles and Responsibilities of the COR/COTR
                                                           December 12-14, 2007

                                Very Informative.- I'm new to COTR...I was a novice.- Program Analyst, USDOL


                        GAO's Principles of Federal Appropriations Law
                                          Workshop
                                                     December 17-19, 2007
                   Excellent course! Complete and wonderful learning experience from beginning to end.- Carrie Limo,
                                   Logistics Management Specialist, Logistics Transformation Agency




                 11/9/2009



                                                                                                                                   PRA GSPO1_0006982
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                                     Page 2 of 7


                                                             Government* Horizons Training Center
                                                                       Arlington, VA

                                For details on all of these courses and more , to to www.governmenthorizons.org

                  Performance Based Contracting
                  This three-day course will assist agencies in meeting their performance -based contracting goals . The course provides a step-
                  by-step analysis that will enable you to successfully conduct a performance-based acquisition and minimize the risk of protest.
                  Topics include : overview of the performance based acquisition process, identification and explanation of the key Instances for
                  performance based requirements, development of those requirements including stronger program rationale , description of
                  work, definitive outputs, and forming and using performance metrics. Learn a step by step approach you can use to get the
                  right requirements defined at the right time so that better contractors can be chosen and stronger performance can occur.

                  Who Should Attend

                            Agency Program Managers

                            Budget and Financial Officers

                            General Counsel

                            Contracts Administrators

                            Contracting Officers

                            Procurement Executives

                            Personal Services contractors

                            Federal support contractors


                         Federal product and services suppliers, systems integrators
                  Course Syllabus

                  Introduction to Performance Based Contracting (PBC)
                  How to Successfully Implement PBC
                  Planning for a PBC Source Selection
                  How to Successfully Administer a PBC

                  Performance Work Statements
                 This two day workshop emphasizes the preparation of a performance-based work statement , the course focuses on the use of
                 draft solicitations ; team development of the work breakdown structure and task identifications; conversion of cost-plus
                 requirements to fixed -price; use of incentives , deductions and penalties in connection with performance goals; and application
                 of specific cost and performance measurement techniques , quality assurance surveillance plans and quality-related evaluation
                 factors. You'll learn to Incorporate proven best practices in performance -based service contracting, and you'll tackle issues in
                 a hands-on environment emphasizing real-life , in-the-workplace skills.

                 Course Syllabus

                            Policy on Contracting


                            Market Research and Analysis




                  11/9/2009



                                                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0006983
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                                     Page 3 of 7


                         Job Analysis

                   Writing the Performance-Based Work Statement
                COR/COTR

                The contracting officer's representative (COR/COTR) plays an essential role in the planning , awarding and management of the
                government contract. They are the "eyes and ears" of the contracting officer in ensuring that technical requirements are being
                met and that the contractor is adhering to the terms and scope of the contrac t. Their technical expertise and project
                management skills are critical in designing performance-based acquisitions that successfully respond to risk, motivate
                excellent contractor performance , manage cost and schedule constraints and achieve contract goals and objectives.

                In the Critical Roles and Responsibilities of the Government COR/COTR course, youll learn the critical roles, responsibilities
                and best practices for being an effective COR /COTR. The course covers the COR/COTR's role throughout the government
                contracting process-from defining initial requirements to effective post-award performance management . Youll learn the
                importance of early risk assessment and how risk mitigation and control influences the pre and .post award management of
                the contract. Youll also learn the many areas of the acquisition process where COR/COTR participation is essential in helping
                the contracting officer protect the interests of the government during contract execution . For industry attendees , you will gain
                keen insight into your government customer and how your company can help support the important role of the COR/COTR.

                You will develop skills through various practical exercises and will receive a course manual containing many useful references
                that can be used long after you have completed the class.

                What You Will Learn

                - Defining the scope of the acquisition through use of a contract Work Breakdown Structure
                - Identifying, analyzing and documenting risk
                - Conducting market research and effectively collaborating with industry
                - Planning and implementing a performance based services acquisition
                - Developing a risk-focused Request for Proposal and evaluation criteria
                - Understanding and participating in a best value source selection
                - Properly executing the roles and responsibilities of the COR/COTR in post-award contract performance

                Who Should Attend

                - Current and future COTRs, CORs and Technical Monitors
                - Commercial Vendor Relationship Managers (VRMs)
                - Government and commercial project leaders and managers
                - Contracting officers and administrators
                - Acquisition officers
                - Quality assurance personnel
                - General Counsel
                - Federal advisory and assistance contractors

                Course Syllabus

                1. Roles, Responsibilities and Authorities
                2. Determining Acquisition Scope and Assessing Risk
                3. Conducting Market Research and Planning the Acquisition
                4. Performance Based Acquisition
                5. Developing the Request for Proposal and Planning the Source Selection
                6. Conducting the Best Value Source Selection
                7. Post-Award COR/COTR Contract Management Principles

                GAO's Principles of Federal Appropriations Law

                In 1982, the GAO released its first edition of Principles of Federal Appropriations Law. It was a collection of the
                body of law governing the expenditure of federal funds. In 1991, the current four set volume was released.

                Today, agency program managers, general counsel, contracts administrators and financial officers are all faced


                11/9/2009


                                                                                                                                        PRA GSP01_0006984
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                      Page 4 of 7


                with significant challenges in meeting organization needs within current budgets. What are the rules? How are
                they applied in practice ? What are the typical mistakes made that result in wasted or lost funds ? How can an
                agency protect its budget? How can an agency manager maximize their allocation?

                The rules governing federal appropriations are complex , extensive and fill four binders. This course, taught by
                leading experts in government contract law, will provide the student with an overview of the rules , how they are
                applied, and most importantly, how to maximize funds with budget limits AND within the rules.

                Learn precisely how the Federal government 's budget and spending system works - and how to avoid impasses
                at each phase In the process, from initial planning through ultimate disbursement.

                What You Will Learn

                - Initial planning phase
                - Budgeting
                - Congressional role
                - Limitations on spending
                - Antideficiency questions
                - Contract funding
                - Personal liability
                - Statutory compliance
                - And more...

                Who Should Attend

                - Agency Program Managers
                - Budget and Financial Officers
                - General Counsel
                - Contracts Administrators
                - Procurement Executives
                - Federal support contractors
                - Federal product and services suppliers, systems integrators
                - Financial Management Analysts

                Course Syllabus

                A. Legal Framework
                B. Life Cycle of an Appropriation
                C. Interpreting Appropriation Language
                D. Availability of Appropriations as to Purpose
                E. Availability of Appropriations as to Time
                F. Availability of Appropriations as to Amount
                G. Obligation of Appropriations

                About Your Instructors
                Laura Willetts- Performance Based Contracting and Performance Work Statement

                Ms. Willetts has over 12 years of federal acquisition experience in the disciplines of contracting, financial
                management and A-76 studies. She is the President of Alura Consulting and Training, a small business,
                acquisition training and consulting firm headquartered in the greater Washington D.C. metropolitan area. Previous
                to founding Alura Consulting and Training, Ms. Willetts was Vice President of Contracts at ManTech Information
                Systems and Technology. While at ManTech, she also was the Chief of Acquisition Consulting and Training for
                AcqCenter, a division of ManTech Information Systems and Technology. AcqCenter provides government
                customers turnkey, full service acquisition solutions including consulting, training and software applications.



                 11/9/2009


                                                                                                                         PRA GSP01_0006985
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                                   Page 5 of 7



                 Robert Watts- COTR/COR

                 Robert Watts has over 26 years of federal acquisition experience in the disciplines of contracting, project
                 management and financial management. He Is the President of LodeStar Acquisition Services, a small business,
                 acquisition training and consulting firm headquartered in the greater Washington D.C. metropolitan area. Previous
                 to founding LodeStar Acquisition Services, Mr. Watts was Vice President of Acquisition Services at ManTech
                 Integrated Data Systems from 1998 - 2004. The organizations he has led have helped over 500 government
                 teams efficiently select and manage mission critical contractor products and services.

                 Steven N. Tomanelli- GAO

                 Steven N. Tomanelli owns an acquisition training and consulting company, Steven N. Tomanelli & Associates, a ten-year old
                 professional services company with a proven track record of performance. Mr. Tomanelli offers high quality acquisition training
                 and consulting services to public and private sector customers worldwide as well as a wealth of practical experience and has
                 consistently achieved the very highest levels of customer satisfaction. Mr. Tomanelli is an attorney in the law firm of Wiley,
                 Rein & Fielding In Washington DC and McLean, Virginia, where he specializes In government procurement law, Including bid
                 protests and contract claims.

                 Registration Charges
                 Both Performance Based Contracting and Performance Work Statements Workshops

                 - Industry: $1795 per person
                 - Small Business: $1695 per person
                 - Government: $1595 per person

                 Performance Based Contracting Workshop Only

                 - Industry: $1295 per person
                 - Small Business: $1195 person
                 - Government: $1095 per person

                 Performance Work Statement Workshop Only

                 - Industry: $995 per person
                 - Small Business: $895 per person
                 - Government: $795 per person

                 COTR/COR

                 - Industry: $1295 per person
                 - Small Business: $1195 per person
                 - Government: $1095 per person

                 GAO

                  Industry: $1,295 per person
                  Government : $1,195 per person

                 Registration Options

                 [1] Register on-line at www.governmenthorizons.org
                 [2] Phone Katie Smith at (703) 807-2758


                 11/9/2009



                                                                                                                                     PRA GSPOI_ 0006986
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                                 Page 6 of 7


                  [3] E-mail Katie Smith at ksmith@marketaccess.org
                  [5] Mail the Registration Form provided below to:
                  Government Horizons
                  4301 Wilson Blvd. #1003, Arlington, VA 22203

                  Location Information

                  All workshops will be held in the Government* Horizons Training Center in the NRECA Building at 4301 Wilson Boulevard, Suite
                  #1003 (10th floor), Arlington, VA 22203.

                  ----- - ------- - - ------------------------------ - --------- - --------- - ------
                                                                     --- REGISTRATION FORM ----

                                                    Performance Based Contracting - November 5-7, 2007

                                                    Performance Work Statements- November 8-9, 2007

                                                                 COR/COTR- December 12-14, 2007

                                                                      GAO- December 17-19, 2007


                  Attendee name:

                  Title:

                  Company/Agency:

                  Address:

                  City, State, and Zip Code:

                  Telephone Number:

                  Fax Number:

                  Attendee E-mail Address:

                  Training Coordinator E-mail Address:

                  Phone #:

                  REGISTRATION CHARGES (CIRCLE ONE):

                  Both Performance Based Contracting and Performance Work Statements Workshops

                  - Industry: $1795 per person
                     Small Business : $1695 per person
                  - Government: $1595 per person

                  Performance Based Contracting Workshop Only

                  - Industry: $1295 per person
                  - Small Business: $1195 person
                  - Government: $1095 per person



                   11/9/2009


                                                                                                                                     PRA GSP01 0006987
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                       Page 7 of 7



                   Performance Work Statement Workshop Only

                   - Industry : $995 per person
                      Small Business: $895 per person
                      Government: $795 per person

                   COTR/COR

                   - Industry: $ 1295 per person
                   - Small Business : $ 1195 per person
                   - Government: $1095 per person

                   GAO

                   - Industry: $1, 295 per person
                   - Government: $1,195 per person

                   Method of Payment:

                  Company Check Government * Horizons, Inc) - Tax ID : 20-4904026
                  Credit Card
                  Government P.O. (please attach)
                  Type of Credit Card (check one):

                       Visa      MasterCard      American Express

                  Card Number:

                  Exp. Date:

                  Name Printed on Card:

                  Signature ( required):

                  Please fax this form, complete with payment information, to
                  (703) 807-2728 or mail it with your payment to:

                  Govemment*Horizons, Inc., 4301 Wilson Blvd, Suite 1003, Arlington, VA 22203

                  If you have questions about registration/payment, please call Katie Smith at (703 ) 807-2758. Thank you



                  Email Recipient Instructions

                  Click Here to Unsubscribe from this Professional Government Business Management Training
                  Announcements List.

                  Please allow 5 business days to complete.




                   11/9/2009



                                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0006988
