Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                   Page 1 of I



                 Unknown

                  From :    Tibbles, Michael A (GOV) (/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                            GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=MATI BB LES]
                  Sent:     Tuesday, October 23, 2007 4:53 PM
                  To:       Sarah Palen
                  Subject: FW: DOC Media Issues

                FYI - If you would like more info, please let me know.

                Mike


                From: Ruaro, Randall P (GOV)
                Sent: Tuesday, October 23, 2007 4:40 PM
                To: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Leschper, Bette (GOV)
                Cc: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)
                Subject: DOC Media Issues

                Sharon:

                Commissioner Schmidt called . There are 2 stories out there that you may want to be aware of.

                    1)A DOC employee contacted Channel 11 and said there is a rampant outbreak of staph at Spring Creek.
                      Commissioner Schmidt said this is not true. There have been a total of 9 cases this year . A Dr. Bingam
                      with DOC may possibly appear and rebut the employee 's claims.
                   2) Channel 2 interviewed Commissioner Schmidt about the problems with the prison in Arizona. It was
                      more of an interest piece , what's it like to do time in Arizona than a hit piece.

               Thanks,

                Randy




                8/27/2009


                                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0007021
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                 Page 1 of 1



                   Byers , Gail Y (LAW)

                   From:    Pat Valkenburg [pats@eagle.ptialaska.net]
                   Sent:    Tuesday, October 23, 2007 4:40 PM
                   To:      Kreitzer; Annette E (DOA)
                   Cc:      Palin; Sarah H (GOV); Lloyd; Denby S (DFG); Larsen; Douglas N (DFG); Titus; Kimberly (DFG)
                   Subject : Suggestions to Improve Morale, Job Retention, and Recruitment at ADF&G




                 6/9/2009


                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0007022
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                        22 October 2007
                    Annette Kreitzer, Commissioner
                    Department of Administration
                    10 Floor, State Office Building
                    PO Box 110200
                    Juneau, AK 99811

                    Dear Ms. Kreitzer:

                   I recently heard that the Department of Administration is embarking on a program to find ways
                   to attract and retain quality state employees and to improve job satisfaction. I retired from the
                   Division of Wildlife Conservation in 2003 after 26 years of service. During my last 3 years with
                   the Division I was Research Coordinator in Fairbanks. My wife and I now run a small business
                   specializing in wildlife research and management projects and I fly wildlife surveys with
                   ADF&G biologists in many areas of the state. Since leaving ADF&G I have also had the
                   opportunity to work with biologists from the Fish and Wildlife Service (USFWS) in Alaska, the
                   ministries of natural resources in Manitoba, Ontario, and Labrador, and the Canadian Wildlife
                   Service. Over the years, and especially recently, I think I have developed a pretty good sense of
                   what factors contribute to job satisfaction in wildlife and fisheries agencies and why some
                   agencies are much more attractive to high quality, self-motivated people than others.

                   During my last years with ADF&G, job satisfaction, brain drain to the federal government, and
                   low salaries became major issues. I think your effort to address these issues is timely. ADF&G is
                   still one of the best resource management agencies in the world, mostly because of the dedication
                   and commitment of its staff. However, the quality of the agency is slipping. If some basic
                   problems are not addressed soon, I'm not sure I'd be confident that ADF&G is among the best in
                   5-10 years. I think some of the problems are relatively easily fixed and I have some suggestions
                   that I think will help. I urge you to address the salary, moral, and recruitment/retention issue as
                   soon as possible. Current union negotiations are unlikely to solve problems for the Department
                   of Fish and Game. Here are my specific observations and suggestions:

                   Salary. The relatively low salaries of state biologists are a problem but are only part of the
                   current salary-related issues. Between about 1980 and 1990, ADF&G biologists were among the
                   highest paid wildlife and fisheries biologists in the country and state salaries in Alaska were
                   higher than federal salaries. Today, state biologists' salaries have slipped to about the middle of
                   the range of salaries of state biologists nationwide. The salaries of federal biologists in Alaska
                   and some other parts of the US are very high. In addition, in Alaska, the level of responsibility
                   and workload of federal biologists and refuge managers is much lower than that of state Area
                   Biologists and supervisors. So the real problem is that ADF&G (especially the Division of
                   Wildlife Conservation) is understaffed, and many biologists (especially Area Biologists and
                   supervisors) are underpaid and overworked. In contrast, federal biologists, refuge, and park staffs
                   are overstaffed and more than adequately compensated for their level of responsibility. Before
                   1985-1990 there were few federal biologists and state biologists' jobs were fairly
                   straightforward. Today, ADF&G biologists constantly interact with more highly paid federal
                   managers and biologists. The jobs of most state biologists supervisors are also much more
                   complex than they used to be, primarily because of conflicting dual federal/state management




                                                                                                                  PRA_GSP01_0007023
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                   issues. For Area Biologists and supervisors in ADF&G the current situation is guaranteed to
                   produce a very high rate of job burnout. Although raising salaries will help, it will not solve the
                   greater part of the problem that relates to understaffing, job complexity, and constant interactions
                   with highly paid federal colleagues.

                   The problems above are not easily fixed, but one critical part of the solution is to get an increase
                   in hunting license revenue to the Division of Wildlife Conservation, not so much to fund salary
                   increases but to provide higher levels of staffmg. Over the last 15 years inflation has reduced
                   income from hunting licenses and the reduction in that stable source of income has led to
                   reductions in entry level biologist positions in both the research and management programs.
                   There is now a critical need for more Assistant Area Biologists and lower-level (WB-I and WB-
                   II) research biologists. These positions help alleviate job burnout by providing help to upper
                   level biologists and they also will provide trained staff to move into upper level positions when
                   senior staff members retire or resign. A hunting license increase bill (preferably from the
                   administration) is absolutely critical right now to maintain the continuity and training of staff in
                   the Division of Wildlife Conservation.

                   Job Satisfaction: the 2 main reasons people leaving college want to work for ADF&G are
                   dedication to wildlife conservation and because the jobs are perceived to be fun and satisfying. I
                   don't believe that wildlife and fisheries biologists will follow the current trends of younger
                   workers (i.e. short job tenure and high monetary of other rewards). Most people who go into
                   wildlife and fisheries sciences are as dedicated to the profession now as they were 30 years ago.
                   However, declining job satisfaction is a major problem.

                   During my tenure at ADF&G (and subsequently) many small things changed for the worse and a
                   few things improved. Some of these small things that got worse could easily be changed back or
                   improved. Here are some examples.

                      1) Ban on flying non-Department people in state aircraft. Until about 2002, we worked
                         closely with graduate students on field projects that often involved flights in state aircraft.
                         This was an important part of the informal mentoringlapprenticeship program, especially
                         in Regions III and V. We also used to be able to fly Game Board members, university
                         professors and other professionals on inexpensive familiarization flights. For unexplained
                         reasons Risk Management abruptly banned this practice, despite the fact that state pilots
                         in ADF&G have had an excellent safety record that is much better than the federal
                         government (federal government pilots can fly non-federal employees). Thus ended an
                         important part of our apprenticeship and training program and liaison with the University
                         and the Board of Game. There can be minimum standards applied for flying experience
                         and pilot ratings, but the blanket ban is unreasonable and needs to be relaxed.
                      2) Annual leave while in travel status. Various administrations have been better or worse
                         about this. Some have failed to grasp that it is important for biologists to be able to take
                         annual leave while on travel status. Opportunities to visit wildlife and fisheries
                         management programs, to see how parks and refuges are managed, or to hunt and fish
                         and see birds and animals in other countries and states are highly sought by wildlife
                         professionals. These opportunities are usually informal and associated with professional
                         meetings. Governments are rightly concerned about abuse of travel, but it was never a




                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0007024
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                           problem with biologists in my 26 years with ADF&G. Allowing employees to take
                           annual leave while in travel status provides a huge boost. These decisions should be left
                           to an employee's supervisor and the division Directors as much as possible.
                        3) Safety issues. Some resource management agencies have become so concerned about
                            employee safety that it has become difficult for employees to function. For example, the
                           US Forest Service and Ontario Ministry of Natural Resources require employees to call
                           in about every 30 minutes when they are flying. Many agencies even prohibit biologists
                           from flying aircraft. When running snowmobiles, Ontario Ministry employees must drill
                           holes in the ice on lakes every 200 feet, and must file trip plans with a regional office.
                           These kinds of rules make it difficult to get the job done and discourage young people
                           from wanting the jobs at all. Fortunately, Alaskan biologists have been treated relatively
                           well in this regard (except for the ban a taking non-state employees in state aircraft). It is
                           very important to leave decisions about safety up to field staff and their immediate
                           supervisors. Although wildlife and fisheries biologists are in inherently risky professions,
                           the risks cannot be managed by administrators in Juneau without compromising job
                           satisfaction. Increasing bureaucracy seriously degrades job satisfaction and we need to
                           guard against it.
                       4) Lack of opportunity for training, cross training and job sharing. ADF&G is not
                            competitive with federal agencies or the private sector when it comes to training
                            opportunities, primarily because of the lack of money, but also because of high work
                            loads. High work loads also make it very difficult for biologists and supervisors to visit
                           and work on other projects within divisions. This lack of diversity in job experience
                           contributes significantly to job burnout.
                       5) Allowing beer and wine in state office buildings. During the 1970s in Fairbanks we often
                           had Friday afternoon impromptu office parties and many other offices in the state did so
                           too. It was a good way to unwind and share problems and accomplishments after a busy
                           week. The information exchange at these gatherings was really good. Today, this kind of
                           office socializing never happens. The effect on morale is significant. Decisions about
                           beer and wine, and other such issues should be left to local supervisory staff.
                      6) Allowing dogs in office buildings. When Jim Brooks became Commissioner of ADF&G,
                           he made sure that employees were allowed to bring their dogs to work where it was
                           reasonable to do so, especially during hours outside of work. This was a very popular
                          move. Many ADF&G biologists work in office buildings after hours to get required
                           assignments done or to work on reports and publications during periods when they will
                          not be disturbed by routine office activities. Being able to have a dog at the office
                          (especially young dogs that are being socialized and trained ) is important to many people.
                          Today, in most offices, dogs are banned. At one point in the early 1990s in Fairbanks, the
                          Administrative Officer even tried to ban employees from having dogs in their car in the
                          parking lot. Unnecessary infiingement of personal freedoms and small pleasures hurts job
                          satisfaction. Some of these may seem like small issues, but for many ADF&G employees
                          they are big.
                      7) Hazard pay and Overtime pay: My experience is that these kinds of things have been
                          counterproductive. In the 1970s and 1980s, biologists and technicians were expected to
                          work as necessary to get the job done. During slower months, they could take informal
                          comp time to make up for the many extra days worked. Depending on supervisors, some
                         ADF&G employees still work this way. I realize there are federal and union rules




                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0007025
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                            involved, but maintaining flexibility is important. Comp time is a much better reward
                            than overtime, hazard pay, etc., and once we get back to adequate staffing levels,
                            informal comp time would be very helpful. At the present time it is not possible to use
                            either formal or informal comp time because work loads for most employees are too high.
                            (Other things that won't work or are counterproductive include "Employee of the Month"
                            type rewards. Biologists just don't appreciate that kind of fluff because their primary
                            motivation is to be able to make a difference in wildlife and fisheries conservation.
                            Rewards from professional societies for excellent publications and programs are much
                            more meaningful but are not something the administration has much control over.)

                    Despite the salary differential, at the present time I believe that most college graduates in wildlife
                    and fisheries who want to work at a career in wildlife or fisheries management would rather
                    work for ADF&G than for federal agencies because ADF&G puts a higher emphasis on
                    productivity, addresses more real management issues, and is less bureaucratic. However,
                    ADF&G does not necessary have its pick of the best graduates, as was once the case.
                    Maintaining job satisfaction with the kinds of suggestions above and providing adequate staffing
                    so that ADF&G (particularly the Wildlife Division) does not acquire a reputation for early job
                    burnout will be critical to maintaining the state's competitiveness for new graduates.

                    Biologist Emeritus Program : Some other resource agencies have Biologist Emeritus programs.
                    The aim of these programs is to provide a way for retired employees to still contribute their
                    knowledge and experience to the functioning of the agency. Even long after they retire, many
                    former ADF&G professionals remain interested in the profession and retain a sense of loyalty to
                    the agency and their colleagues. ADF&G lost many valuable and relatively young employees
                    because of the 20-year retirement program. Many of these people would like to remain active in
                    the field and still be associated with ADF&G in some way. The opportunities for training and
                    apprenticeship with an emeritus program are potentially great.

                   Retired employees could participate in an emeritus program by invitation. They could be
                   provided office space (if available), clerical support to finish publications, and they could be.
                   provided travel support to professional meetings where appropriate, etc. Emeritus employees
                   could help edit reports, participate in field work, including flying state aircraft to help mentor
                   younger pilots, and they could be consulted on management decisions. The potential benefits to
                   the state are great and the costs minimal.

                   I'm sure other retired employees have useful suggestions, and like me, are concerned about
                   maintaining the quality of ADF&G employees and effectiveness of the agency. I'd be glad to
                   continue to help your effort in any way.

                   Sincerely yours,


                   Patrick Valkenburg

                   Cc:    Sarah Palin, Governor
                          Denby Lloyd, Commissioner, ADF&G




                                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0007026
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                           Doug Larsen, Director, Division of Wildlife Conservation
                           Kim Titus, Deputy Director, Division of Wildlife Conservation
