Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                  Page 1of 1


                 Unknown

                 From :   Craft, Kathryn L (HSS) [kathryn,craft@alaska.gov]
                 Sent:    Thursday, October 25, 2007 11:01 AM
                 To:      Kim; Anna C (GOV); Palin; Sarah H (GOV)
                 Cc:      Andrea Schmook; Debbi Keith; Marvin Deacon; Eric Holland; Jessee; Jeffrey L (DOR);
                          rthrhansen@yahoo.com; bcoghill@gmail.com; Raymond Watson; Andrea Schmook; Ramona Duby;
                          Kris Duncan; Barry Creighton; Stan Steadman; Patrick-Riley; Colleen C (DOC); Anna Sappah; Lonnie
                          Walters; James Duncan; Verner Stillner; Kinavey; Erin W (HSS); Marilyn Irwin; Schumacher, Sharon J
                          (EED); Fred Glenn; Doug Veit; Salerno; Angela M (HSS); Ella Anagick; 20080515kkjackson A; Eva
                          Leveque; Streur; William J (HSS); Olson; Connie J (HSS); Brenda Moore; Williams; Sarah A (DOC);
                          2008041Occgreenough A; Hogan; William H (HSS); Gatewood; Bernard W (HSS); Stone; Melissa W
                          (HSS); yooper@mtaonline.net; McComb; Stephen F (HSS); Craft; Kathryn L (HSS); Brown; Lance W
                          (HSS); Kerosky_Michael; McIntosh; Jane E (DOL); Renee Schofield
                Subject: ABADA & AMHB October Meeting Summary
                Dear Governor Palin,

                Please find a brief summary of the recent Advisory Board on Alcholism and Drug Abuse and the Alaska
                Mental Health Board 's meeting. Please do not hesitate to contact me if you have any questions.

                Thank you,

                Kathy Craft, Interim Executive Director
                ABADA & AMHB




                11/9/2009


                                                                                                                      PRA_GSP01_0007053
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 Upcoming World Research Group Events                                                                   Page 1 of 4


                 Unknown

                  From :     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
                  Sent:      Thursday, October 25, 2007 10:01 AM
                 To:         Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                 Subject : FW: Upcoming CRG Webinars!



                 From : Corporate Research Group [mailto:Corporate_Research_Group_rgygwzw@cmpgnr.com]
                 Sent: Thursday, October 25, 2007 6:28 AM
                 To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
                 Subject: Upcoming CRG Webinars!




                    Reaching the "Young Invincibles": Successfully Marketing to the Uninsured

                    Thursday , October 25 , 2007 . 1 -00 p.m. - 2:30 p.m. EDT

                   The number of uninsured young adults ( 19 to 29 years of age ) rose from 11.2 million in 2000 to 13.7
                   million in 2004 according to a recent Commonwealth Fund survey. Sometimes called "Young
                   Invincibles," many members of this age group forgo health insurance . On October 25, 2007, experts
                   Tia Goss Sahwney , chief strategy officer for Precedent Insurance , Michael W. Grandstaff, president
                   and chief executive officer for Precedent Insurance and Sam Gibbs senior vice president and
                   general manager of small business for eHealthlnsurance Services will discuss low-cost policies,
                   innovative plan structures and other unique healthcare options offered to this emerging market.
                   The "Young Invincibles ": Successfully Marketing to the Uninsured webinar will give you practical tips
                   on how to get the facts and create a healthcare product that meets the needs of the "young
                   invincibles."

                   Tune Into this live 90-minute webinar from the convenience of your office to:

                           Define the unique characteristics of the young and uninsured market
                           Understand the importance and urgency of promoting to the "young Invincibles"
                           Leverage new strategies and channels that engage the younger population
                           Analyze the data on market penetration and demographics of young adult consumers
                           Discuss the design and structure of new product available to this emerging market
                           Evaluate the payment options and selling propositions

                   Presenters:


                                     Tia Goss                        Michael W.                        Sam Gibbs
                                     Sahwney                         Grandstaff




                 11/9/2009


                                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0007054
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                Upcoming World Research Group Events                                                                    Page 2 of 4




                        Chief Strategy Officer           President and CEO                Senior Vice President and
                        Precedentinsurance               Precedent Insurance              General Manager of Small
                                                                                          Business
                                                                                          eHealthlnsurance Services,
                                                                                          Inc.
                                                                                     I

                        Register ' Visit We 쬲te




                      Moving Ahead With Real -Time Claims Adjudication


                      Wednesday, November 7, 2007 - 1:00 - 2 :30 p.m. EDT


                      With the increase of healthcare costs and higher demands of healthcare quality, the real-time claims
                      adjudication process (RTCA) is revolutionizing the health care system. Moving Ahead with Real-
                      Time Claims Adjudication , November 7, 2007 will take an in-depth look at how health plans are
                      saving time, reducing errors, cutting administrative costs and more importantly helping customers
                      make informed decisions through the use of real-time claims adjudication technology.

                      During this 90-minute webinar, you will learn the challenges and pitfalls of implementing real-time
                      claims technology, including: how it is used, obstacles to adoption, business process, key
                      component of the consumer-directed healthcare revolution and standards necessary to enable a
                      universal RTCA. In addition, our experts Morgan Tackett, director of electronic solutions for Blue
                      Cross Blue Shield of North Carolina and Kenneth Willman , national director of provider interface
                      for Humana will discuss strategies to increase utilization and suggest approaches for conducting
                      claims in real time.

                      Formal presentations will be followed by a 30-minute Q&A to answer your most pressing real-time
                      claims adjudication questions.

                      Tune into this live 90 -minute webinar from the convenience of your office to:

                          Understand the process and learn how to manage the structure of healthcare transactions in
                            a secured and unified platform
                          Identify and discuss the benefits of adopting and implementing real-time claims adjudication
                          Benchmark your organization against others on the front lines in the use of real-time claims
                            adjudication
                          Assess and overcome the challenges in rolling out these emerging technologies
                          Measure the ROI of real-time claims adjudication for payers, employers, providers, vendors
                            and consumer

                     Presenters:


                                      Morgan Tackett                                    Kenneth Willman
                                      Director of Electronic Solutions                  National Director of Provider
                                      Blue Cross Blue Shield of                         Interface




                11/9/2009


                                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0007055
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 Upcoming World Research Group Events                                                                Page 3 of 4




                       Il
                            North Carolina
                                                                         4   J
                                                                                 Humana


                            Register "if si WQ65ite i




                       Top Ten Things You Must Do To Implement a Successful Physician
                       Pay-For-Performance Program

                      Wednesday , November 14, 2007 . 1:00 - 2 :30 p.m. EDT

                      Pay-for-Performance programs benefit both physicians that are awarded financial incentives as well
                      as patients who receive higher quality care . As these benefits are realized , more and more Health
                      Plans are adopting and implementing Pay for Performance programs for their physicians . Top Ten
                      Things You Must Do To Implement a Successful Physician Pay-for-Performance Program , provides
                      an overview of the benefits of P4Ps and details the key components of successful Pay-For-
                      Performance programs including basic pay-for-performance models , contracting and reimbursement
                      structures , innovative information solutions and strategies for baseline and performance outcomes
                      measures,

                      During this 90-minute webinar, you will learn proven case studies from healthcare leaders Michael
                      A. Madden from Highmark Inc. and William J DeMarco from DeMarco and Associates Inc. who
                      will report from the front lines on how their organization have successfully implemented pay-for-
                      performance programs, developed tools and set positives results.

                      Tune Into this live 90-minute webinar from the convenience of your office to:

                              Understand the concept behind pay-for-performance and learn the many incentive options
                                available
                              Learn how to successfully influence physician behavior
                              Discuss the design and implementation of a P4P program
                              Evaluate the major trends, issues and data shaping P4P healthcare programs
                              Explore the measurement policies of a P4P program and identify its contracting and
                                reimbursement structures
                              Analyze the data and demographics of a P4P program
                              Examine the challenges and rewards of a P4P program
                              Develop tools and techniques on how to measure ROI and improve the effectiveness of your
                                P4P initiatives

                      Presenters:


                                         Michael A Madden                                 William J . DeMarco
                                         Medical Director
                                         Highmark, Inc.


                                                                                         President and CEO
                                                                             DeMarco and Associates, Inc.


                      *Free bonus : Physician Pay-for-Performance Data Pak and Action Guide*



                 11/9/2009



                                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0007056
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                Upcoming World Research Group Events                                                                         Page 4 of 4




                              This email is CAN-SPAM compliant. If you do not wish to receive email advertisements from
                                            World Research Group, you may unsubscribe , or send a letter to:
                                           World Research Group, 16 E. 40th St, 5th FL, New York, NY 10016
                                                              Or click on the link below
                                                                     Remove Me

                You are subscribed as govemorrgov . state.ak.us. To unsubscribe please click here.




                11/9/2009


                                                                                                                               PRA_GSP01_0007057
