Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                             Page 1 of 1



                  Unknown

                  From :    John Katz [jwkatz a AL.ASKADC.org]
                  Sent:     Wednesday , October 24, 2007 11:19 AM
                  To:       Michael Tibbles; Governor Sarah Palin
                  Cc:       Richard Mylius ; Dick Lefebvre ; Tom Irwin; Sam Bishop; Joseph Balash
                  Subject: King Cove Hearing

                 Since the attached letter from Congressman Rahall is addressed to the Governor, I
                 wanted to make sure that the two of you saw it.

                 I think we have a good game plan for dealing with the hearing referenced by Mr.
                 Rahall. DNR has agreed to provide Dick Mylius as the State's witness. Dick has
                 been involved in the development of the King Cove legislation and in the land
                 exchange discussions which preceded it.

                 The State's testimony will be premised on the Governor's previous correspondence
                 in support of the exchange and will be reviewed in draft by all of us who have been
                 involved. We are coordinating our efforts with other proponents of the legislation,
                 including the Village of King Cove and the East Aleutian Borough. In fact, at the
                 request of King Cove, we have scheduled a mock hearing in this office before the
                 Congressional hearing in order to make sure that everyone is well prepared and that
                 we anticipate questions which might be proposed by committee members.

                 In my opinion, the bill is well justified on the merits for the reasons expressed in the
                 Governor's letter. However, because of opposition from national environmental
                 groups, the legislation will
                 experience some tough sledding. Most Congressional hearings have a pre-ordained
                 purpose or result, but I'm hopeful that this one will convince Committee members to
                 move forward despite the opposition.

                 If you have any questions or comments on our proposed position or approach,
                 please let me know.


                 Please note that my email address has changed. My new email address is
                 jwka    alaskadc .org. Thank you.




                8/26/2009


                                                                                                                 PRA_GSP01_0007043
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                     Mason , Janice L (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                     GROUP/C N=RECIPIENTS/C N =J L MAS O N ]
             Sent:                   Wednesday , October 24 , 2007 3:34 PM
             To:                     govpalin@alaska.gov
             Subject:                FW: Transportation




             -----Original Message-----

             From: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Sent: Wednesday, October 24, 2007 1:37 PM

             To: Provost, Kathryn T (GOV); Mason, Janice L (GOV)

             Subject: FW: Transportation




             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

            Sent: Tuesday, October 23, 2007 10:39 PM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Transportation



            Web mail from: Mr. Dale Anderson

            address: 11595 Mendenhall Loop Road Juneau AK 99801

             907-723-8687



            MESSAGE:

            Last Thursday we spoke on the plane returning from Sitka and you specifically asked if
            there w




                                                               1




                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0007044
