Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                          Page 1 of 1




                 Unknown

                  From:     Kreitzer, Annette E (DOA) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                            GROUP/ CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=AEKREITZER]
                 Sent:      Wednesday, October 24, 2007 2:21 PM
                 To:        gov.sarah@yahoo.com
                 Cc:        Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Nizich; Michael A (GOV); Kelly; Russell T (GOV); Colberg; Talis J (LAW)
                  Subject: RurAL CAP and AFN

               Governor:

               Want to give you a heads up before yourAFN speech. During our RurAL CAP Board meeting today, Robert
               Marshall from Glennallen who represents the Copper River Native Association said he is concerned that there are
               2 Board of Game seats up next year and he would like to see a Native appointed to at least one of them. Others
               concurred, including Olga Malutin, representing Kodiak Area Native Association and Wasillie Bavilla of
               Quinhagak, representing the Association of Village Council Presidents. Mr. Marshall's concern, of course, is the
               Board's action related to the Nelchina Basin caribou. He is concerned that although there is a one-year reprieve
               for subsistence, the only reason for the reprieve is that the joint boards allowed it with one vote to spare. I've only
               seen the news stories and so Nizich or someone else likely has more information on this broadly publicized issue.

               Second - a direct request whether the Governor would sit down with RurAL CAP leadership to talk about Head
               Start funding, the Board of Game seats, and other rural issues prior to the start of the next legislative session (and
               while she is in Southcentral).

               Third: Apparently there's a rumor that the Department of Community and Regional Affairs will be reconstituted. I
               said I had not heard that. I did tell one board member that I would be concerned about more money going to
               bureaucracy and less to the areas that need it, if it was recreated, so sorry if I was out of line.

                Fourth: Asking for recognition of Native American Heritage Day - apparently Senator Stevens is a co-sponsor of
                legislation. It would be the Friday after Thanksgiving. November is already Native American Heritage Month.
                Mayor Begich's staff asked for information so he could support the idea.

               Fifth: Andy Harrington with Alaska Legal Services said his organization has not been active in subsistence issues
               for awhile and it might be time, based on the concerns expressed (about Board of Game) that they get more
               active.

               Last, from the North Slope Borough Taqulik Hepa reported that Mayor Itta is busy promoting healthy communities
               to help combat alcohol and other problems.

               I will be at AFN by 9 a.m. or can be available at your Fairbanks office if you need me to do that.
               ak




                8/24/2009


                                                                                                                               PRA GSP01_0007047
