Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From :                  Fagerstrom , Erika (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                      GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=EFAGERSTROM]
              Sent:                   Thursday, October 25, 2007 7:41 PM
              To:                     'gov. sarah@yahoo.com'
              Subject:                Re: The House


              Thank you for letting me sneak away. Finally going to one of Ryan's college fball games!!
              Just can't get enough football-yikes!!

              Hate to miss seeing Piper! See you Monday. :)




              ----- Original Message -----

              From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com <gov.sarahoyahoo.com>

              To: Fagerstrom, Erika (GOV)

              Sent: Thu Oct 25 19:23:09 2007

              Subject: Re: The House




             All sounds great. I don't mind the workers upstairs- I love the coffee maker right there-
             that's all I need so they don't have to hesitate working upstairs.



              Have a great three-day weekend. Thanks for everything!

              Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



              -----Original Message-----

              From :   " Fagerstrom, Erika (GOV)" <erika. fagerstrom@alaska.gov>



             Date: Thu, 25 Oct 2007 19:19:07

             To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

             Subject: The House




             Hello Governor,




             If it works with your schedule, I will be off on Friday, if you need me to stay it's not a
             problem just let me know. Susan and Diane will be at the House Friday. They grilled some
             chicken in case you and Piper are hungry.

                                                                 1




                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0007076
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              In the past when you're at the House, we've not let the workers go upstairs. IF there are
              any mornings that you don't mind workers on the 2nd floor just let us know, otherwise
              we'll continue to wait until you leave for the day to send them up. They usually have
              ALOT to do on the 1st or basement floors; so it's not a problem for them to wait until you
              leave.



              The water should be heating up, but if it's not let Diane know and it will get fixed.
              It's one of the glitches from the plumbing project, but it shouldn't take 5 minutes any
              more for you to get hot water !  I'm waiting for an estimate for new blinds , the one's that
              are up are awful, but hopefully new ones will be ordered next week. Thanks for your
              patience with all of the issues with a 95 year old House - the hassles with all of these
              projects will pay off soon - hopefully!



              Thanks again,



              Erika




              Erika Fagerstrom

              Executive Residence Manager

              Governor ' s House

              State of Alaska, Office of the Governor

              716 Calhoun Avenue ,     Juneau, Alaska 99801

              Phone: 907-465- 3500 ;    Fax: 907-465-2031




                                                                2
