Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From:                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.govl
             Sent:                   Thursday, October 25, 2007 9:47 AM
             To:                     russhageman@msn.com
             Subject:                RE: Other


             Dear Mr. Hagman:

             Thank you for your kind email!



             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov. state .ak.us (mailto:WebMailagov.state.ak.us]

             Sent: Wednesday, October 24, 2007 6:05 PM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Other



             Web mail from: Mr. russ hageman

             address :   8357 74th ave princeton MN 5371

              763 389 4731




             MESSAGE:

             My brother in law is a lifelong resident of Alask (60 years). He says you and your office
             are restoring some integrity to your state office. He said that you have made some
             incumbents upset due to investigations of sorts. NO details given, but if you are truly
             making steps towards cleaning house in your state, I commend you for your efforts. I have
             never in my life been so disenfranchised with government; have never been so skeptical
            .and untrusting of our politicians and their motives and the information put forth by them.
             And I have never felt so threatened by government from every level as I do now.



             I think half the country would just as soon use the US Constitution as toilet paper rather
             than draw upon the wisdom which was imparted to us through the Constitution. The people
             who founded this country were well aware of the tyranny, misery and sorrow that government
             could oppose on people within its borders and strove to prevent that from happening in
             this country.



             Unfortunately, the list of personal rights violations from free speech, right to bear
             arms, right to private property, tax funded abortions, tax funded schools, etc would fill
             numerous pages. I feel like this country is fragmenting, and that the good people who
             actually work and are forced to support the ever expanding burden of government spending
             are being crushed beneath the wheels of the vehicle that their labor fuels.



             Therefore, if my brother-in-law is correct, and you are truly someone whose heart and
             actions are honest, and that you are trying to restore your state's integrity so that its
             citizens can actually trust and respect their elected officials, then I wish you a strong,
                                                                  1




                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01_0007071
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             vibrant economy and may your state and administration flourish and shine bright as an
             example of how good people can and should live.



             Sincerely,



             Russell Hageman



             russhageman@msn.com




                                                          2




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0007072
