Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                               Page 1 of 1



                   Unknown

                   From:     John Katz [jwkatz@ALASKADC.org]
                   Sent:     Thursday, October 25, 2007 10:30 AM
                   To:       Michael Tibbles; Governor Sarah Palin
                   Cc:       Randy Ruaro; Larry Persity; Joseph Balash ; Kris Perry; Mike Nizich
                   Subject : Bush Administration/Arctic Policy Review


                  The State Department told us today that the Bush administration has initiated a
                  long awaited review of US Arctic Policy.

                  The focus will be on needed changes in policy, as the US relates to other Arctic
                  nations. This effort will be co-chaired by the State Department and the National
                  Security Council..

                  There will be four sub-groups that will report to Ambassador Dave Balton and his
                  NSC counter-part. These groups will consider international regimes, such as the
                  Arctic Council and the Convention on the Law of the Sea; shipping and military
                  affairs; energy, the environment, and fisheries; and capital assets, which apparently
                  means ice-breakers. As projected, the review will be completed by the end of
                  February although State recognizes that this is an optimistic goal.

                  There is general recognition that the State of Alaska needs to play an important
                  role. However, the precise dimensions and modes of input have yet to be
                  determined. Other stakeholders, such as the Arctic Research Commission chaired
                  by Meade Treadwell, will also be involved.

                 We said that the State of Alaska is not merely another stakeholder. Rather, we are
                 America's Arctic.

                 Dave Balton will get back to us as the process for review crystalizes. However, given
                 the short time line, he encouraged us to start thinking now about what Arctic policy
                 changes we might want to recommend.

                 So, I would appreciate your guidance on how to proceed. This office could take the
                 lead in contacting State agencies to determine what changes in policy they would
                 suggest. Or, if you would like someone else to do this, we could work with them to
                 prepare a draft position paper for your review.


                 Please note that my email address has changed . My new email address is
                 jwka    alas adc .org. Thank you.




                 8/31/2009


                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01 0007088
