Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                             Page 1 of 1



                  Unknown

                  From:      PARNELL, S (GOV sponsored ) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                             GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS /CN=SRPARNELLI j
                  Sent:      Friday, October 26, 2007 10:47 AM
                  To:        'gov.sarah©yahoo.com'
                  Subject: Kivalina disaster declaration heads up

                 Governor,

                 I received a briefing on Kivalina and the NW Arctic Borough's request for a state disaster
                 declaration because I travel to Kivalina from Kotzebue on Tuesday. Apparently, the
                 appropriate disaster cabinet folks have met and approved recommending you issue a disaster
                 declaration with some modification of the Borough's request. I understand they are putting
                 together a letter for General Campbell to sign and to forward the recommendation to you. I'm
                 told you likely wont see that until Monday.

                I had been invited out there through Al Adams and the Borough about a month ago when
                Kivalina residents came to town so the trip was pre-planned. I see an opportunity for me to
                personally deliver the news in Kivalina for you on Tuesday (while you're sending out the press
                release from you and your office and making other appropriate notifications on Tuesday) if you
                want your office to coordinate with mine on such a thing. I filled Sharon in on the opportunity
                earlier today. If you want me to do something like this let me know who I can have my office
                coordinate with. Thanks much!

                 Sean




                 8/26/2009


                                                                                                                 PRA GSP01 0007108
