Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From:                       Kreitzer, Annette E (DOA) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                         GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=AE KR EITZER]
             Sent:                       Friday, October 26, 2007 7:46 AM
             To:                         gov.sarah@yahoo.com; Irwin; Tom E (DNR)
             Cc:                         Rutherford; Marty K (DNR)
             Subject :                   RE: Request for info re gasline communications firm


             Governor:

             To be clear: "Marlys eventually concluded that we had no alternative but to bid the
             contract competitively."  My understanding from talking with Tom and Marty is that this is
             a $25-$35K PR contract that will now be bid competitively. Again, my only concern now
             that the work that had been done has been resolved, is that this is what you had asked for
             since you and mike Tibbles had expressed concern about a PR contract.

             ak




             -----Original Message-----

             From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com (mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.coml

             Sent :    Thu 10/25/2007 12:05 PM

             To: Irwin, Tom E (DNR );        Kreitzer, Annette E (DOA)

             Cc: Rutherford, Marty K (DNR).

             Subject: Re: Request for info re gasline communications firm



             Annette : I don't see the "$35,000 PR Contract" in here. Not sure what you meant in the
             afn arena.

             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



             ---      original Message-----

             From :    "Irwin,   Tom E   ( DNR)" <tom .irwin@ alaska.gov>




             Date :   Thu, 25 Oct 2007 11:02:05

             To:"Kreitzer,       Annette E   (DOA)" <annette.kreitzer@alaska.gov>

             Cc: gov.saraheyahoo.com,"Rutherford, Marty K (DNR)" <marty.rutherford@alaska.gov>

             Subject: FW: Request for info re gasline communications firm




             Commissioner Kreitzer,

                                                                    1




                                                                                                               PRA GSP01 0007103
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Annette,

              This is the information we talked about last night . if you have any questions please let
              me know . Thanks and hope you have a good day.   Tom




              From : Anders ,   Bruce F (DNR)

               Sent :   Thursday ,   October 25, 2007 9:32 AM

               To: Irwin, Tom E (DNR)

               Cc: Rutherford ,      Marty K (DNR)

               Subject : Request for info re gasline communications firm



             Tom,




             You asked me to describe the circumstances under which Kurt Gibson and I had come to be in
             connection with a Boston communications firm in support of the governor ' s gasline National
             Awareness strategy.



             We began the thought process for the National Awareness strategy back in August. As
             delegated by Marty , the "team" consisted of Kurt , Joe Balash , Ken Minesinger , and me.   Ken
             Minesinger is an attorney with the Greenberg Traurig law firm ( GT), which is one of our
             AGIA consultants , under contract with Dept of Law .  We strategized about messaging, and
             Ken suggested that he ask his firm's internal public relations folks for their thoughts,
             having successfully publicized important issues for GT in the past .    Since the governor
             had expressed concern at the briefing over the state spending money on a " PR firm " to get
             our message out there , we steered completely clear of that, but instead saw the need for a
             different kind of assistance , namely getting the expertise of a communications firm to
             direct US how to get the governor exposure to carry HER message .    For example , in early
             September , I discussed with Sharon Leighow how important we felt it was to get the
             governor prominent exposure in the ongoing Newsweek " Women Who Lead " story , and other free
             outlets, to avoid altogether having to spend state money on publicizing the gasline
             message.



             At about this time, Kurt met with a local firm, the Porcarro Group, to see if that firm
             could help.  We recognized quickly that the local firms did not have the expertise we were
             looking for, such as a hotline contact to the editorial decisionmakers at the major media
             outlets we were targeting , as well as likely having conflicts with the state, based upon
             their having done work for potential AGIA applicants.



             Ken suggested we work with a firm out of Boston , MCB Communications , who in Ken's
             experience had this expertise in assisting groups in placing their important stories in
             the national limelight . Additionally , MCB had no known or foreseeable conflict issues.
                                                                2




                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0007104
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Considering this , we all had assumed that a provision in AGIA ( that explicitly exempts
              certain AGIA - related activities from the procurement code ) would allow us to sole -
                                                                                                     source
              the contract , particularly since the contract would be so small ; MCB had quoted us an
              amount , something like $10 , 000  $15,000 to assist us with messaging .  So we began working
              with MCB , acknowledging periodically that we would eventually get a contract drafted and
              finalized.




             By October 13, MCB had done enough work for us that its principal , Marcia Brier, asked
             about our progress on securing a contract , since she had accrued approximately $ 10,000 in
             bills .  Kurt , trying to secure the MCB contract , went directly to our DNR Procurement
             officer , Marlys Hagen .  Marlys, after reviewing AGIA with Kurt , came to the surprising
             realization that the AGIA procurement exemption ( which the AGIA messaging team had been
             relying upon ) actually did not apply , since that provision only exempted " requests for
             applications under this chapter ." We called upon another gasline team member , Chris Rutz
              (the AIDEA Procurement officer ), who joined up in our surprise that the AGIA procurement
             .exemption did not apply , and then immediately began reviewing ways in which we could
             operate within the procurement code to achieve our objective .    One avenue he suggested was
             asking Marlys about using the emergency provision of the procurement code.



             Kurt immediately called Marlys back to solicit her assistance in obtaining a proper
             contract under the procurement rules , and floated Rutz ' emergency provision idea . Marlys
             prepared the request for an emergency procurement , and forwarded it to the state
             procurement officer , Vernon Jones . Vernon responded to Marlys that the emergency
             provision did not, in fact, apply to this situation .  Marlys therefore told Kurt that
             there were no exceptions to the procurement code that would apply.    So we discontinued
             contact with MCB immediately until we could sort out the contract.



             Marlys eventually concluded that we had no alternative but to bid the contract
             competitively.  But there was still the matter of MCB ' s $10,000 bill .  We discussed the
             issue with Ken Minesinger .  Ken explained the situation to GT ' s management , who offered to
             simply pay the bill outright , which to that large firm was a relatively small amount, in
             appreciation to the state for our excellent working relationship .    Ken indicated to Kurt
             that GT had basically offered free use of MCB on a trial basis. Bruce confirmed by phone
             with Ken that GT's offer had no quid pro quo element , and did not involve any movement of
             money to other places or otherwise passing on the bill by GT to the state, but was simply
             a gesture of appreciation on the firm ' s behalf.



             Ken confirmed the situation in an email to Kurt and Bruce dated 10/23 , which stated, "Just
             FYI, and as we have discussed , Greenberg of course will absorb in full all charges by MCB
             to date , at no cost to the State . We are glad you have been pleased with their work on a
             'trial ' basis thus far in furtherance of developing the gasline outreach strategy. MCB is
             available to contract directly with the State in the future should additional work be
             needed."



             Please let me or Kurt know if there are any other questions or concerns you have about
             this situation.



            Bruce




                                                           3




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01 _0007105
