Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                     Page 1 of 2


                 Unknown

                  From:    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.gov]
                 Sent:     Friday, October 26, 2007 1:56 PM
                 To:       Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                 Subject : FW: Center for Women's Business Research To Build National Research Panel of Women Business
                           Owners




                 From : CfWBR Info [mailto:info@cfwbr.org]
                 Sent: Friday, October 26, 2007 11:32 AM
                 Subject: NR: Center for Women's Business Research To Build National Research Panel of Women
                 Business Owners

                   'X;




                                                                           Contact: Juanita M. Weaver
                                                                           Director of Media & Strategic Alliances
                                                                           Center for Women's Business Research
                                                                           202-638-3060 x 719
                                                                           weaverr w mensbusinessresearch.org




                 Release Date : Embargoed until October 30, 2007


                         Center for Women' s Business Research To Build National
                               Research Panel of Women Business Owners

                 Washington, DC - The Center for Women's Business Research today announced the
                formation of a national, online research panel to be utilized in up-to-the-minute research on
                women business owners and their enterprises. Participants will contribute to the creation of an
                ongoing body of knowledge that can respond to emerging trends and will inform programs and
                policies that support all women business owners.


                The research panel, named W-Biz InsightTM, is the first of its kind and will be comprised
                exclusively of women business owners. The panel will be nationally representative in terms of
                both personal and business demographics such as length of ownership, type of industry,
                revenues, number of employees, and geographic location.

                "The commitment of a small amount of time on the part of individual women business owners
                can mean a great deal," said Margaret A. Smith, chair, Center for Women' s Business



                 11/9/2009



                                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0007094
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                               Page 2 of 2


                 Research . "The formation of the research panel will give the Center for Women 's Business Research
                 the ability to contribute to the fast-paced debates that result in programs and policies which have a
                 significant impact on the nation 's economy and women -owned businesses. We expect that the findings
                 will inform decisions made in individual businesses , corporations , financial institutions , educational
                 institutions and at all levels of government."

                 This research panel will complement other research methodologies used by the Center to generate
                 knowledge about women business owners and their enterprises . The formation of this panel
                 represents a tremendous opportunity for women business owners to make their collective voice heard
                 on issues affecting them and their businesses.

                 "Each participant in W-Biz Insight will be part of a national community of women business owners that
                 will provide the Center for Women 's Business Research with valuable insight into the attitudes,
                 experiences , and opinions of women business owners ," said Sharon G. Hadary , executive director,
                 Center for Women 's Business Research . "Now is the time for women to join the research panel and
                 make a valuable contribution to the body of knowledge about women business owners.'

                 Participants should own at least 25 percent of their business , and will be asked to fill out a short
                 participant profile. All information will be strictly confidential.

                 To learn more about this research panel, please visit the Center for Women 's Business Research at
                 www.womensbusinessresearch.org.

                                                                          # # #

                 About the Center for Women' s Business Research
                 The Center for Women's Business Research provides data-driven knowledge that advances the economic, social, and political
                 impact of women business owners. We do this by setting the national agenda; creating insight on the status and achievements
                 of women business owners; altering perceptions about the economic viability and progress of women-owned enterprises, and
                 driving awareness of the economic and social impact of this vital business sector. For more information, visit
                 www.womensbusinessresearch.org.




                 11/9/2009



                                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01 _0007095
