Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                         Page 1 of 1



                  Unknown

                  From:     PARNELL, S (GOV sponsored) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                            GROUPICN=RECIPIENTSIC N=SRPARNELLI }
                  Sent:     Friday, October 26, 2007 10:00 PM
                  To:       Sarah Patin
                  Subject: President of Mongolia's visit

                Your office and the international host team of Patricia and Shelley did a great job pulling together the events
                surrounding the visit of the President and First Lady of Mongolia . Craig Campbell received a friendship medal
                tonight from the president for his efforts in promoting that relationship between Alaska and Mongolia , and his wife,
                AnneMarie, hosted the first lady during the day. Sandy and I hosted the dinner tonight.

                The "merging" of our staffs is almost complete :)

                Your media crew has been extremely helpful while Kate has been out on leave-And, Kelly from my office stayed
                late last night working with Patricia and Shelley to finish the last minute details for tonight's dinner for the
                President. I think Kelly may have a career in the international office. She is a linguist by background , good with
                protocol and details . She and Jay staffed the dinner tonight (with Kris Perry).

                Governor Hickel said to tell you "God bless you" and he's cheering for you.

                Sandy and I will be at the AFN dinner tomorrow night in Fairbanks for you-we'll be seated with Ken Johns. That's
                it for now.




                8/26/2009


                                                                                                                            PRA_GSPO1_0007114
