Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                       Page 1 of 2



                  Unknown

                  From:     Tyler, David L (DPS) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                            GROU P/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=DLTYLERI]
                  Sent:     Friday, October 26, 2007 2:51 PM
                  To:       Palin; Sarah H (GOV); Monegan; Wait C (DPS); Stoltze; Bill (LAA); Gatto; Carl (LAA); Olson; Donny
                            (LAA)
                  Cc:       Rice; Lauren (DPS); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Ruaro ; Randall P (GOV); Glass; John D (DPS);
                            Elton ; Kim S (LAA); Ellis; Johnny (LAA); Davis; Bettye J (LAA); Dyson ; Fred (LAA); McGuire; Lesil L
                            (LAA); Thomas; Joe (LAA); Gardner, Berta (LAA); Gara; Les (LAA); Crawford; Harry (LAA); Lynn;
                            Bob (LAA); Dahlstrom; Nancy (LAA); Kawasaki; Scott Jw (LAA); Buch ; Bob (LAA); Meyer, Kevin G
                            (LAA); Wilson; Peggy A (LAA); Kelly; Russell T (GOV)
                  Subject: NFPA applauds Reynolds American Inc. announcement of product-wide switch to "fire-safe"
                           cigarettes

                Good afternoon,

                I just wanted to pass this news release on to everyone who helped with SB84 last session. Our efforts in Alaska
                have helped to make a difference nationally. Reynolds American, Inc. is the first major cigarette company to
                agree to sell only low ignition propensity cigarettes. We hope that this trend continues across the cigarette
                industry.

                Thank you to all who helped make this happen.

                                                                0   Right-dick here to
                                                                    download pictures.
                                                                    To help protect your
                                                                    privacy, Outlook
                                                                    prevented
                                                                    automatic
                                                                    download of this
                                                                    picture from the


                                                             David L. Tyler, Director
                                                         Division of Fire and Life Safety
                                                           Alaska State Fire Marshal




                                                           0   Right-click here to download
                                                               pictures. To help protect
                                                               your privacy, Outlook
                                                               prevented automatic
                                                               download of this picture from
                                                               the Internet.




               For immediate release

               Contact:        Lorraine Carli
                               Public Affairs Office: +1-617-984-7275
                               lcarli@nfpa.org

                                  NFPA applauds Reynolds American Inc. announcement of


               8/26/2009


                                                                                                                           PRA GSPOI_0007110
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                    Page 2 of 2


                                          product-wide switch to "fire-safe" cigarettes
                                            Urges other tobacco companies to follow


                October 25, 2007 - Today' s announcement by R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Company that it will manufacture
                all of its cigarette brands using "fire -safe" technology is a victory for all of those interested in public
                safety, according to the National Fire Protection Association (NFPA) and the group it coordinates, the
                Coalition for Fire-Safe Cigarettes

                "Nearly two years ago , we began urging major tobacco companies to switch to this life -saving
                technology," said James M. Shannon, NFPA's president. " While it could have been done sooner, I
                applaud their action and urge every other tobacco company to do the same. There is no reason everyone
                in the country shouldn 't have the same protection."

                Cigarette-ignited fires are the leading cause of residential fire deaths . Each year in this country, 700 to
                900 people die in cigarette -ignited fires. One quarter of those people killed - often including children
                and the elderly - are not the smoker. So called "fire-safe" cigarettes are designed to self-extinguish if
                dropped or left unattended . They are less likely to ignite clothing, bedding, or other material.

                Absent action by tobacco companies, NFPA and the Coalition coordinated a state-by-state campaign to
                encourage passage of fire-safe cigarette mandates. To date, 22 states have passed fire -safe cigarette
                mandates. In 2007 alone , 16 governors from all across the country signed legislation into law. Even
                states in the heart of tobacco country, such as Kentucky and North Carolina, have passed "fire-safe"
                cigarette laws. Legislators in many more states are poised to introduce similar bills in the next legislative
                session.

                "That state-by-state movement has been incredibly successful so far and has resulted in the tipping point
                for this effort," continued Shannon. "I believe the legislative mandates are an important factor in R.J.
                Reynolds' decision to manufacture and sell only fire-safe cigarettes nationwide."

                "If cigarette manufacturers had begun producing only fire-safe cigarettes 20 years ago," said Shannon,
                "an estimated 15,000 lives could have been saved by now. While we can not save those who have
                perished in tragic cigarette fires, this action will save others."

               The Coalition for Fire-Safe Cigarettes will keep working until all cigarettes are manufactured to self-
               extinguish. The Coalition for Fire-Safe Cigarettes was officially launched by NFPA in March 2006. The
               Coalition, which includes fire service members; medical and public health practitioners; advocates for
               consumers, the elderly, and people with disabilities; and others, is committed to saving lives and
               preventing injuries by reducing the threat of cigarette-ignited fires. For more information, please visit
               the Coalition's Web site.

               Please click here if you wish to unsubscribe: ntke-adlines@j4a.org.

                                                                    -30-




               8/26/2009



                                                                                                                       PRA_GSP01_0007111
