Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                  Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
             Sent:                   Friday, October 26, 2007 10:40 AM
             To:                     bobkrisktn@kpunet.net
             Subject:                RE: Fish-and-Game


             Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
             information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor.   Although she is
             unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
             being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
             need, suggestion, or comment.




             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

             Sent: Friday, October 26, 2007 10:11 AM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Fish-and-Game



             Web mail from: Mr. Robert Jahnke

             address: P.O.    Box 991 Ward Cove AK 99928

              247-8207




             MESSAGE:

             Dear Governor Palin:




             In the waning days of the last State Administration an amended

             proposal was passed by the Game Board (11/06) by a margin of one vote to make it mandatory
             for all trappers in units 1-5 to mark their traps with tags or signs. This amendment to
             proposal #1 was recommended to the board by, then southeast Director Doug Larson and Dave
             Lorring of ADF&G Protection. I am asking that the "powers to be" put this trap tagging
             reg. on hold until the public can better provide input on the problems it can and will
             create. These problem issues were not publicly addressed. and to compare trap sets to crab
             pot bouys by the Dept. is ludicrous. I am sure that if the Dept-would have originally
             proposed this reg. the comments from the trapping community statewide would have been
             many. I feel that this was not an ethical approach by the Dept. at the 11/06 meeting and I
             ask that the reg. be put on hold until the next B.O.G. meeting for Southeast.



             Respectfully Yours Robert Jahnke




                                                                 1




                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0007123
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              bobkrisktn@kpunet.net

              PLEASE ADD TO E-NEWS




                                                        2




                                                                                                   PRA_GSP01_0007124
