Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From :                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
              Sent:                    Sunday, October 28, 2007 6:38 PM
              To:                      Ruaro; Randall P (GOV)
              Subject:                 Re: 11:00 am meeting with 4 mayors re: operating budget for ferry system


              Thanks Randy - this is helpful. Tonight's return flt to Juneau is delayed by a couple of
              hours at least. Hopefully it makes it in tonight, if not I'll try an early flt tomorrow -
              so know that if I'm delayed it's because of the flight after our deployment exercise today
              in Anchorage. Thanks

              Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



               -----Original Message-----

              From: "Ruaro, Randall P (GOV)" <randall.ruaro@alaska.gov>



              Date: Sun, 28 Oct 2007 12:12:01

              To:gov.sarah®yahoo.com

              Subject: 11:00 am meeting with 4 mayors re: operating budget for ferry system




              Governor :




              Sorry to bother you on a Sunday. I just wanted to give you a quick brief background that
              may be helpful for the meeting tomorrow at 11:00 am. The four mayors are Cottle (Valdez);
              Joyce (Cordova); Lunceford (Whittier); and Shields (Haines).



              There are two issues the mayors are likely to bring up:



              (1)     Reduced ferry service this year for Prince William Sound. For a number of
              reasons, budget savings (Kennecott) and vessels being out of service for months due to
              major repairs (Aurora) or only being available for limited service due to safety and
              maintenance concerns (Fast-ferry Chenega) There has been significantly reduced service in
              Prince William Sound.  DOT has worked with the mayors and the communities to try and come
              up with the best possible schedule under the circumstances using the Tustemena.

              (2)     Urging you to support and include a significant increase in funding (I am not sure
              exactly what dollar number they have in mind) for the ferry system in your proposed FY
              2009 operating budget. (The mayors believe if they can get you to support increased
              funding for the ferry system in your proposed budget, it will be easier for them to
              convince legislators to approve the funding increase, and it will protect the funding
              increase from being reduced by a governors' veto after the budget passes).


             Privileged or Personal Material Redacted

                                                                     1




                                                                                                                  PRA_GSP01_0007133
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




              Right now, I believe Mike, Commissioner Von Scheben, Deputy Commissioner Hardy, and
              Captain Falvey are also planning on attending the meeting.



              Please let me know if you would like to see additional budget information, etc.



              Thanks



             Randy




                                                                2




                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0007134
