Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Unknown
               From:                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
               Sent:                   Sunday, October 28, 2007 6:08 PM
               To:                     PARNELL; S (GOV sponsored)
               Subject:                Re: Place to land in Anch


               Thanks Sean . We went to zoo , then headed to wasilla to see willow and bristol- now found
               out the flt' s two hours late tonight.



               I appreciate the offer ! These are long travel days , as you know - and I can't remember
               when the last time I had an on-time flight. Thanks!

               Sent from my BlackBerry ® device from Cellular One



               -----Original Message-----

               From: "PARNELL , S (GOV sponsored )" < sr.parnell@alaska.gov>



               Date :   Sun, 28 Oct 2007 13:35:01

               To:gov . sarah'yahoo.com

               Subject :   Place to land in Anch




              You, Todd and Piper are welcome to come to our place to warm up , hang out , or whatever you
              need til plane time tonight . It's close to the airport ( directions below).



               We have a dinner to be at at 5:30. We can visit ahead of that and you are welcome to stay
              thereafter at our place til plane time . ( Literally a five minute drive to the airport).
              Just call me if you start to head our way. We'd love to see all of you in a relaxed
              setting ( Rachel too ) but no pressure whatsoever.



               Sean




               From Zoo-directions



               Follow O ' Malley west /downhill and stay on it as Minnesota to ChangePoint exit ( Raspberry
              Road ). Left on Raspberry . Take Raspberry to Jewel Lake Rd. Right on Jewel Lake . Take first
              left on Lakeway Dr. Go into Lakewood townhomes and turn left. 6624 Lakeway Dr.




                                                                   1




                                                                                                              PRA GSP01 _0007135
