Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                  Frye, Ivy J (DOA) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                     GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=IJFRYEJ
             Sent:                   Sunday, October 28, 2007 7:43 AM
             To:                     'gov.sarah@yahoo.com'
             Subject:                Fw: please consider


             Governor,

             Forwarded is an email I sent to Mike earlier this week to which he responded (that email
             is to follow).



             I would like to rejoin your team. I joined your campaign because I believe in you and the
             good work you're doing. Admin is not the right fit for me, by no fault of Annette' s-she's
             wonderful. I hope you read favorably my email to Mike. I also sent it to Kris Perry.

             Sincerely,

             Ivy



             ----- Original Message -----

             From: Frye, Ivy J (DOA)

             To: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)

             Sent: Tue Oct 23 12:20:21 2007

             Subject: please consider




             10/23/07




             Mike,




            Seeing you and Governor Palin yesterday was wonderful. My visit reaffirmed for me my
            eagerness to return working directly for Governor Palin. I enjoy Annette; however, I know
            I won't be content until I'm fulfilling my purpose which is working for Governor Palin. I
            will serve you both enthusiastically and resolutely. I am loyal and I work hard and I
            personally know and care for the Governor and her family. Through our conversations, I
            know you don't doubt my unwavering commitment to Governor Palin; however, I know you have
            questions regarding my professional experience.




                                                               1




                                                                                                          PRA_GSP01_0007146
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Let me assure you, I understand the Legislature and have a positive relationship with
             their members , and I understand legislation as I was an aide for the HESS and LB&A
             committees for three years , as well as assisted Ginger Blaisdell with 60 districts worth
             of capital project requests.   More important , I have a positive relationship with Senator
             Green , my former boss and current Senate President , in spite of philosophical differences.
             I believe my relationship with Senator Green speaks volumes of my respect , professional
             demeanor, and diplomacy in dealing with our State Legislature. I understand the way
             agencies operate and I have a positive and professional relationship with other special
             assistants and commissioners-I'm willing to reach out and ask questions and address
             issues . I also know protocol and procedure in requesting or submitting information to the
             Legislature or State agencies ( for instance , I can draft up a fiscal note in no time at
             all).   My college background and professional experience centered on public policy-
             collectively, this is 8 years of experience, which is comparable to others serving in
             Juneau.




             How can you be sure a policy position would be the right fit for me? I have a working
             knowledge of the Legislature and. State agencies ; I have a respectful and positive
             relationship with elected and appointed officials , and community leaders ; I enjoy finding
             resolution for constituents ; I can communicate verbally and in writing ; I will put in any
             amount of time you need-7 days a week; I will not add to your workload, and in fact I
             know I can assist you, the legislative office, and other staff; I am steadfastly loyal to
             and fiercely protective of Governor Palin, which does not mean to say I won't go through
             the proper chains of command to relay information to her (you, Mike Nizich, Kris Perry).




             I believe my passion and understanding for the job, knowing the high standard you expect
             from your staff , and being familiar and well acquainted with you and Governor Palin
             uniquely qualify me for a position on Governor Palin ' s staff.




             I respectfully ask for your favorable consideration as you ' re filling positions on
             Governor Palin's staff . I would be happy to articulate this and anything else in person-
             I'm prepared to answer any specific questions you have . Please seriously consider my
             request . I'd be happy to come over this week.




            Thank you,




                                                          2




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0007147
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Ivy




                                                       3




                                                                                                  PRA_GSP01_0007148
