Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                         Page 1 of I



                  Unknown

                  From:     PARNELL, S (GOV sponsored) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                            GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=SRPARNELL1]
                  Sent:     Sunday, October 28, 2007 9:03 PM
                  To:       Sarah Pal!n
                  Subject: The week ahead

                The men and women taking off with the Air Guard to Afghanistan tonight are C130 pilots and maintenance crew.
                They fly the C130s in the mountains of Afghanistan and drop supplies in the valleys to the Army guys on the
                ground looking for Bin Laden. Most have done this 1 or 2 times, about 60 day rotations. Good group of about 20.

                Next, after the Chamber talk tomorrow I head to Kotzebue at around 6 p.m. with Jay P. I'm looking for a thumbs
                up from you tomorrow (or not) on the Kivalina disaster declaration-if you approve, I think I'll be at a place where I
                can inform KivalinaTuesday that you will approve the disaster declaration for them, slightly modified from the
                Borough's request but that help is on the way. Mike T. and I have been in touch over the last two or three days so
                he should put that on your radar tomorrow. We'll overnight in Kotzebue Monday before going out to Noatak and
                Kivalina on Tuesday.

                Hope they close your hatch soon and get you off the ground! It was good seeing Todd and Piper with you today
                tool!

                Sean




                8/24/2009


                                                                                                                               PRA GSP01_0007149
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 National Women' s Business Council - Engage!                                                        Page 1 o173


                 Unknown

                 From:      Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemorcalaska.gov]
                 Sent:      Monday, October 29, 2007 9:38 AM
                 To:        Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                 Subject: FW: NWBC Engage! October 2007 Issue



                 From: National Women 's Business Council [mailto: info@nwbc.gov]
                 Sent: Monday, October 29, 2007 5:37 AM
                 To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
                 Subject: NWBC Engage! October 2007 Issue




                  In this Issue
                                                   Barbara Kasoff Named to Council
                    October 2007

                               Barbara Kasoff             Barbara Kasoff, Vice President and Co-Founder of Gr:
                       Named to Council                   has been appointed to a three-year term on the Natk
                               Conference                 Council . Kasoff is also the President , CEO, and Co-Fol
                      Focuses on International    Impacting Public Policy, Inc. (WIPP).
                      Entrepreneurship
                               Council Staff
                      Participates in Events       Read More >
                      for Women Business
                      Owners
                               New Report         Conference Focuses on International Ent
                      Highlights Exit
                      Strategies for Women                 NWBC Director of Communications & Research Analy:
                      Business Owners                      recently attended the Third Annual Research Confere
                               SBA Announces      Entrepreneurship Monitor (GEM) In Washington , DC. GEM, a I
                      New Initiatives             the London Business School and Babson College , annually an
                      Targeting Urban and         national levels of entrepreneurial activity worldwide . The eves
                      Rural Entrepreneurs         over 100 people from 15 countries , included presentations of
                               Federal            international entrepreneurship based on GEM data.
                      Contracting Programs in      Read More >
                      Congressional Spotlight
                               New Legislation
                      Would Eliminate Taxes
                      on Health Insurance         Council Staff Participates in Events for %
                 t,      www.nwbc.aov             Business Owners
                                                          The Council continued its outreach in the small busin
                                                          recent weeks through staff Involvement in several ev
                                                          20, NWBC Deputy Director of Communications & Out
                                                  served as a facilitator at the Center for Women's Business Re
                                                  the Growth of Businesses Owned by Women of Color" forum
                                                  Council Executive Director Margaret Barton participated in tw
                                                  the Overseas Private Investment Corporation (OPIC) for won.
                                                  business owners in the last month.

                                                  Read More >




                11/9/2009



                                                                                                                       PRA_GSP01_0007150
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 National Women's Business Council - Engage!                                                                Page 2 of 3



                                               New Report Highlights Exit Strategies for Women
                                               Business Owners
                                                        A new report released by the Center for Women 's Business Research
                                                        highlights the importance of women entrepreneurs planning to exit their
                                                        companies . The report , Exiting Your Business : Serendipity or Strategy,
                                               examines steps women should take and missteps they should avoid when
                                               preparing both professionally and personally for exiting their businesses, whether
                                               by selling, handing down to a child, or closing.



                                               Read More >


                                               SBA Announces New Initiatives Targeting Urban and
                                               Rural Entrepreneurs

                                                         Earlier this month , the U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA)
                                                         announced a new Initiative to boost entrepreneurship in 10 American inner
                                               cities . This program is part of a broader Initiative to accelerate entrepreneurship in
                                               underserved markets , which began last month with the announcement of Rural
                                               Lender Advantage , a simpler loan approval process designed to spur economic
                                               growth In America 's rural communities.

                                               Read More >


                                           Federal Contracting Programs in Congressional
                                           Spotlight
                                                     On October 4, 2007 , SBA Administrator Steven C. Preston testified before
                                                     the House Small Business Committee to discuss legislation that would
                                           update and modify the SBA's federal contracting programs . During the hearing,
                                           members of the Committee questioned the SBA's continued failure to Implement a
                                           2001 congressionally - mandated procurement program for women- owned small
                                           businesses . In a move related to the Committee 's discussion of the women's
                                           procurement program, on October 11, the U.S. Women's Chamber of Commerce
                                           filed a request for a hearing with the U.S. District Court.

                                               Read More >


                                           New Legislation Would Eliminate Taxes on Health
                                           Insurance for the Self- Employed
                                                    On October 4, the National Association for the Self Employed (NASE)
                                                    hosted a teleconference to announce the Introduction in the U . S. House of
                                                     Representatives of legislation that would eliminate a current requirement
                                           for millions of self-employed business owners to pay payroll taxes on the cost of
                                           their healthcare premiums . Sponsored by Representatives Wally Herger (R- CA)
                                           and Ron Kind ( D-WI), HR. 3660 would allow sole proprietors to deduct the cost of
                                           health insurance premiums as a business expense when calculating their self-
                                           employment tax.



                                               Read More >




                                                                Click hie g to unsubscribe




                 11/9/2009



                                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0007151
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 National Women's Business Council - Engage!                                             Page 3 of 3




                                                     National Women's Business Council
                                                        409 Third St., SW, Suite 210
                                                           Washington, DC 20024




                11/9/2009


                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0007152
