Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From :                  Frye, Ivy J (DOA) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                      GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=IJFRYE]
             Sent:                    Sunday, October 28, 2007 7:47 AM
             To:                      'gov.sarah@yahoo.com'
             Subject:                 Fw: please consider


             Governor,

             Here is the follow-up email.      I am ready to re-join your team and be a contributing member.
             I will not let you down.

              Ivy



              ----- Original message -----

             From: Frye, Ivy J (DOA)

             To: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)

             Sent: Wed Oct 24 19:43:41 2007

             Subject: Re: please consider




             Mike,

             Thanks for the follow up. I am willing to serve Governor Palin in any capacity.
             Specifically, if you move one of your special assistants to the legislative office I would
             happily fill the void as special assistant-at my current range. I wouldn't ask you for a
             raise because I know you and Governor Palin have tasked agencies with finding areas to
             reduce their budgets and the Governor's office must lead by example. Also, working for
             Governor Palin is not about making a certain salary for me; I stand ready to serve her
             because I believe in her.

             Also, if you thought I were up to the task I would serve Russ as the deputy legislative
             director. I won't repeat what I already mentioned in my previous email except to say I
             have a positive relationship with lyda and am familiar with legislative protocol. I have
             served in technical support positions throughout my professional career and would catch on
             quickly to assisting Russ. I think spreadsheets, following bills, and talking to agencies
             and legislators stays the same in every job, but there is a natural transition period of
             delegating tasks and getting to know your co-workers that changes from position to
             position. Further, I have the time to commit to a position with demanding hours and job
             duties.

             Every time I write you I am reminded of a story you told me during the campaign. You knew
             you could be the legislative director and you flew down to Juneau on your own dime to
             prove to the former cos that you were up to the challenge. You probably regret telling me
             that story, but for better or worse, it inspires me.

             Thank you,

             Ivy



             ----- Original Message -----

             From : Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)

                                                                1




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0007142
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             To: Frye, Ivy J (DOA)

             Sent : Wed Oct 24 19:06:43 2007

             Subject: RE: please consider




             Thank Ivy.    What specifically did you have in mind?




             Mike




             From : Frye, Ivy J (DOA)

             Sent: Tuesday, October 23, 2007 12:20 PM

             To: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)

             Subject: please consider




             10/23/07




             Mike,




            Seeing you and Governor Palin yesterday was wonderful. My visit reaffirmed for me my
            eagerness to return working directly for Governor Palin. I enjoy Annette; however, I know
            I won't be content until I'm fulfilling my purpose which is working for Governor Palin. I
            will serve you both enthusiastically and resolutely. I am loyal and I work hard and I
            personally know and care for the Governor and her family. Through our conversations, I
            know you don't doubt my unwavering commitment to Governor Palin; however, I know you have
            questions regarding my professional experience.


                                                            2




                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0007143
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Let me assure you, I understand the Legislature and have a positive relationship with
             their members , and I understand legislation as I was an aide for the HESS and LB&A
             committees for three years , as well as assisted Ginger Blaisdell with 60 districts worth
             of capital project requests .  More important , I have a positive relationship with Senator
             Green , my former boss and current Senate President , in spite of philosophical differences.
             I believe my relationship with Senator Green speaks volumes of my respect, professional
             demeanor , and diplomacy in dealing with our State Legislature .  I understand the way
             agencies operate and I have a positive and professional relationship with other special
             assistants and commissioners -I'm willing to reach out and ask questions and address
             issues .  I also know protocol and procedure in requesting or submitting information to the
             Legislature or State agencies ( for instance , I can draft up a fiscal note in no time at
              all).   My college background and professional experience centered on public policy-
              collectively , this is 8 years of experience , which is comparable to others serving in
              Juneau.




              How can you be sure a policy position would be the right fit for me? I have a working
              knowledge of the Legislature and State agencies ; I have a respectful and positive
              relationship with elected and appointed officials, and community leaders; I enjoy finding
              resolution for constituents; I can communicate verbally and in writing; I will put in any
              amount of time you need-7 days a week; I will not add to your workload, and in fact I
              know I can assist you , the legislative office , and other staff ; I am steadfastly loyal to
              and fiercely protective of Governor Palin , which does not mean to say I won ' t go through
              the proper chains of command to relay information to her ( you, Mike Nizich , Kris Perry).




             I believe my passion and understanding for the job , knowing the high standard you expect
             from your staff , and being familiar and well acquainted with you and Governor Palin
             uniquely qualify me for a position on Governor Palin ' s staff.




             I respectfully ask for your favorable consideration as you ' re filling positions on
             Governor Palin ' s staff . I would be happy to articulate this and anything else in person-
             I'm prepared to answer any specific questions you have .   Please seriously consider my
             request . I'd be happy to come over this week.




             Thank you,




                                                            3




                                                                                                       PRA GSP01 0007144
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Ivy




                                                       4




                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0007145
