Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From:                   Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored) [govpalin@alaska.gov]
              Sent:                   Tuesday, October 30, 2007 7:21 PM
              To:                     Leschper; Beth (GOV); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
              Cc:                     Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
              Subject:                Re: AFN 2007-Remarks


              Yup- he's running for something!



              ----- Original Message -----

              From: Leschper, Beth (GOV)

              To: Palin, Sarah ( GOV sponsored );     Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)

              Cc: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

              Sent :   Tue Oct 30 16:09:57 2007

              Subject: Fw: AFN 2007-- Remarks




              See the letter below that Begich sent out yesterday.




              ----- Original Message -----

              From: Jollie, Tara L (CED)

              To: Leschper, Beth (GOV)

              Sent: Tue Oct 30 16:01:20 2007

              Subject: AFN 2007-- Remarks




              fyi




              Tara Jollie, Director




              Division of Community and Regional Affairs




                                                                   1
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Department of Commerce,



              Community ,    and Economic Development




              tara . jollie@ alaska.gov




              907-269-7959




              From : Valerie Boyd

              Sent :   Tuesday ,   October 30 ,   2007 11:32 AM

              To: Denali Staff

              Subject :   FW: AFN 2007 -- Remarks




             October 29, 2007




             Dear Friends,
                                                                    2
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              I had the great honor of speaking at the recent AFN convention in Fairbanks. As always,
              it was a wonderful gathering of old and new friends. I appreciated the opportunity to
              speak at the convention say a few words about the future of Alaska and about the
              opportunities we have to improve our future.




              We have new opportunities to work on some old problems-education in rural Alaska , public
              safety and the inadequate support for VPSO ' s_and the continuing problems of substance
              abuse and suicide.




              We have the opportunity to provide resources and leadership .  Alaska is at an historic
              moment of change and the time is now to look to a new generation of leaders who will fight
              for a healthy Alaska . A new generation with new ideas will bring about new opportunities.




              We have one of the best opportunities in a generation with oil prices so high and the
              projections for even greater wealth . We have money in the bank and the need to use it
              wisely to pay for needed services today and to plan for our future.




              We need to invest in education and fix all of our schools-urban and rural .         We need to
              invest in programs that save families.




              I want to work with you on these issues now and in the future .  I'm attaching a copy of
              the speech I gave in Fairbanks and invite you to contact me if you have any questions or
              comments.




                                                           3




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0007181
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               We are already preparing here in Anchorage for AFN 2008. We can't wait to host the
               convention in our new center-the Dena'ina Civic and Convention Center.




               Thank you for your involvement in your community and our state.




              Sincerely,




              Mark Begich




              Mayor




                                                           4




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0007182
