Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From:                   Leschper, Beth (GOV) [beth.leschper@alaska.gov]
             Sent:                   Tuesday, October 30, 2007 4:10 PM
             To:                     Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
             Cc:                     Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
             Subject:                Fw: AFN 2007-Remarks


             See the letter below that Begich sent out yesterday.




              ---- original Message -----

             From: Jollie, Tara L (CED)

             To: Leschper, Beth (GOV)

             Sent: Tue Oct 30 16:01:20 2007

             Subject: AFN 2007--Remarks




             fyi




             Tara Jollie, Director




             Division of Community and Regional Affairs



             Department of Commerce,



             Community, and Economic Development




             tara.jollie@alaska.gov




             907-269-7959




                                                                  1
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              From : Valerie Boyd

              Sent : Tuesday, October 30, 2007 11:32 AM

              To: Denali Staff

              Subject :   FW: AFN 2007 -- Remarks




             October 29, 2007




             Dear Friends,




             I had the great honor of speaking at the recent AFN convention in Fairbanks. As always,
             it was a wonderful gathering of old and new friends. I appreciated the opportunity to
             speak at the convention say a few words about the future of Alaska and about the
             opportunities we have to improve our future.




                                                            2




                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0007187
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             We have new opportunities to work on some old problems -education in rural Alaska , public
             safety and the inadequate support for VPSO ' s and the continuing problems of substance
             abuse and suicide.




             We have the opportunity to provide resources and leadership . Alaska is at an historic
             moment of change and the time is now to look to a new generation of leaders who will fight
             for a healthy Alaska . A new generation with new ideas will bring about new opportunities.




             We have one of the best opportunities in a generation with oil prices so high and the
             projections for even greater wealth . We have money in the bank and the need to use it
             wisely to pay for needed services today and to plan for our future.




             We need to invest in education and fix all of our schools-urban and rural .         We need to
             invest in programs that save families.




             I want to work with you on these issues now and in the future. I'm attaching a copy of
             the speech I gave in Fairbanks and invite you to contact me if you have any questions or
             comments.




             We are already preparing here in Anchorage for AFN 2008 . We can't wait to host the
             convention in our new center-the Dena ' ina civic and convention Center.




             Thank you for your involvement in your community and our state.




                                                          3




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0007188
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Sincerely,




             Mark Begich



             Mayor




                                                                                                  PRA_GSP01_0007189
