Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From :                  gov.sarah@yahoo.com
              Sent:                   Thursday, November 01, 2007 11:57 AM
              To:                     Frye; Ivy J (DOA)
              Subject:                Re: "Trifecta of Absurdity"


              Enough!     Right on. But it'll be fun to see what jay comes up with next

              Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



              -----Original Message-----

              From : " Frye , Ivy J (DOA)" <ivy.frye® alaska.gov>



              Date :   Thu, 01 Nov 2007 09:19:11

              To:"Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)" <kris.perry@alaska.gov>,"Bailey, Frank T (GOV)"
              <frank.bailey@alaska.gov>, gov.sarah@yahoo.com,fek9wnr@yahoo.com

              Subject: "Trifecta of Absurdity"




              Amen!  This guy has hit the nail on the head! Of course, I am only sharing MY personal
              opinion.



              Enough!

              Ramras hits a trifecta

              in the Legislature's debate about fixing Alaska's corruption-tainted oil tax, Fairbanks
              Republican Rep. Jay Ramras is providing unintentional comic relief. From his perch on the
              House Oil and Gas Committee, he has committed a trifecta of absurdity.

              First, he suggested that Gov. Sarah Palin was the second coming of Joe McCarthy, the anti-
              Communist witch hunter of the 1950s . Ramras seemed to be saying that with mean of Sarah
              pushing so hard for a new oil production tax, legislators like him who dared resist the
              change faced McCarthy-style political persecution.

             Next, Ramras compared himself to the famous unknown protester in China who stopped a line
             of tanks in Tiananmen Square during a brief uprising in the late 1980s. If necessary,
             Ramras said, he'd do the same -- meaning, presumably, he'd stand up to the oppressive
             power of the state Legislature and governor and defend the poor,. powerless oil companies
             of Alaska.

             Finally, Ramras complained about how hard it is to be an oil company in Alaska. Those poor
             companies, he said -- the masses of Alaskans just don't understand how hard it is to scour
             the world looking for oil and try to keep making more money so your shareholders will be
             happy.

             Memo to Rep. Ramras : Oil company shareholders aren't the ones you're paid to worry about.
             Check your Alaska Constitution. You're paid to worry about Alaskans, who are shareholders
             in Alaska's oil wealth. Your job is, as the Alaska Constitution says, to get Alaskans the
             maximum benefit from the development of those publicly owned resources.

                                                                  1




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0007298
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              There ' s plenty of room to disagree about what "maximum benefit " means when a legislator is
              making oil tax decisions . In that debate , Alaska's oil companies and supporters have no
              trouble making their voices heard , without the rhetorical excesses of Jay Ramras.

              BOTTOM LINE: Some legislators don't know when they are hurting their own cause.




                                                            2




                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0007299
