Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.gov]
             Sent:                      Friday, November 02, 2007 9:58 AM
             To:                        mrkdstudio@yahoo.com
             Subject :                  RE: Legal-and-lawsuits


             Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin .  The concerns , opinions , and/or
             information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor .   Although she is
             unable to respond to each and every email herself , your message has been received and is
             being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
             need , suggestion , or comment.




             -----Original Message-----

             From : WebMail@gov . state . ak.us [mailto : WebMail@gov . state . ak.us]

             Sent :   Friday ,   November 02, 2007 3:45 AM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin        ( GOV sponsored)

             Subject : Legal_and_lawsuits




             Web mail from : Mr. Clifton Chandler

             address :   2419 E 86th Court Anchorage AK 99507

              907-980-0307




             MESSAGE:

             Governor Palin,



            My name is Clif Chandler . You may not remember me (I'm 27 now ), but I practically grew up
            sitting at the back of all those Republican meetings , Wasilla City Council hearings,
            Political debates , countless fundraisers , and picnics .   I designed the 2000 Republican
            State Convention logo .  I went to your Mom's church .    I walked in hundreds of parades
            including most of yours when you were running for our local offices . On my birthday at
            eighteen , I was at one of those luncheons at the Matsu Resort and signed on the dotted
            line to be a registered voter .  I have grown up watching the grassroots movement surge and
            subside like the ocean tides .  I have watched many a politician say one thing and do
            another and promise to do better the next time .   I've watched as our Republican party has
            been rocked by scandal and misrepresentation , torn apart and pieced together with a mire
            full of half truths and compromises . ( Don't get me started on the Democrats or the
            dedicated pot-smoking independents.)



            Even with all that, I have respected you. You seemed to have a certain poise about you.
            You spoke your mind and you got things done .    I wore a Palin for Governor pin and voted
            for you in the elections .  I defended you in front of critics on all sides of the
            political quandary . I couldn ' t wait to see how you would change the status quo as you had
            promised because I believed in you .    I believed you.  I even challenged those including my
            parents that you were not one of THOSE politicians .    That you were different. Was I
                                                                     1




                                                                                                              PRA_GSP01_0007348
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             wrong?



             Given your resent comments regarding Vic Kohring, the trials, and a list of other
             politically correct mantras, I have to wonder if you are the same strong individual who
             stood up to school boards, entrenched liberals, nay-sayers, and government bureaucrats I
             remember from my youth.   You SEEM to have given in to the political posturing you swore to
             despise, the split-tongued language of the power hungry, the wishy-washy Clinton-ese of
             elevated public service, and the stomach churning politically correct bile that has become
             our political system's favorite communication style.   Have you lost the very backbone that
             made you the Sarah Palin the common PEOPLE used to love? The Sarah Palin that supposedly
             won the Governor' s seat, becoming the First Woman to hold that office in Alaska, by her
             intelligence, her savvy, quick wit and moral integrity, not because she looks good in a
             business skirt or because she can play hard ball with the Big Boys. Have you really
             changed that much?



             I don't understand.  Are you just listening to the media's misrepresentation of the facts
             or are you just finding the most advantageous position to further your career?



             Specifically, Vic Kohring has been a beacon of integrity since before I could legally
             drive.   His sign "HARDWORKING - CONSERVATIVE" doesn 't even come close to describing his
             character.   He has been a rock in a shifting mire of political garbage. Has he made
             mistakes?   I'm sure of it. BUT he has been the first to admit it when it's been brought
             to his attention.   On countless issues and elections, I know no other politician, besides
             Vic, who refused to join in when the mudslinging started, I remember he got your back
             when you were under suspicion in your own oil and gas scandal. And yet, you don't feel
             the least bit ashamed when you stab him in the back as you look for a few more pats on the
             head from the same stuffy-shirted snakes who said you'd never make it this far? The least
             you could have done was hold your tongue and show that a true leader should be cautious
             and level headed when passing judgement, especially when someone's life hangs in the
             balance.




             I really don't understand. If for some reason I am grossly misjudging the facts, I would
             greatly appreciate some new insight. However, it is really hard to have any hope in a
             political system that rewards the underhanded while crushing it's few true heroes.



             Disappointed but respectfully,

             Clifton Chandler



            mrkdstudio@yahoo.com




                                                          2




                                                                                                     PRA_GSP01 _0007349
