Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From :                  Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
              Sent:                   Friday, November 02, 2007 9:56 AM
              To:                     hope.butler@gmail.com
              Subject :               RE: Other


              Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
              information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
              unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
              being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
              need, suggestion, or comment.




              -----Original Message-----

              From: WebMailegov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

              Sent :   Friday, November 02, 2007 6:56 AM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Subject: Other




              Web mail from: Ms. Hope Butler

              address : 130 Winkler\' s Meadow Boone NC 29607




             MESSAGE:

             Governor Palin,



             A friend mentioned recently that you had the highest rating in the country and that she
             really admired you.  She said I should look you up online, and wow -- I'm really impressed
             by your record and the stances you have taken.



             I can't deny that part of my enthusiasm stems from the fact that you're a resourceful,
             competent woman with conservative principles.  I think women would be open to the ideas of
             conservatism if there were more women in office like you. With the upcoming presidential
             election especially, I think some women are siding with Hillary not because they
             especially agree with her ideology but because they want politics to cease to be a "man's
             world."



             Speaking of which, would you ever consider running as vice president if you were asked?
             From a personal standpoint, I'm rooting for Ron Paul. I think he's a true conservative,
             and even though I may disagree with him on some points, he's definitely the most sincere
             and honest of any of the candidates on the stage. Anyway, keep up the good work! Thank
             you for taking the time to read this, I know you must be busy!

                                                                 1




                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0007350
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              - Hope



              hope.butler® gmail.com




                                                       2




                                                                                                  PRA_GSPO1_0007351
