Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
             From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
             Sent:                    Friday, November 02, 2007 9:49 AM
             To:                      bbjaaa@aol.com
             Subject:                 RE: Elections


             Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin . The concerns , opinions , and/or
             information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor .  Although she is
             unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
             being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
             need , suggestion , or comment.




             -----Original Message-----

             From : WebMail@gov . state . ak.us [mailto : WebMail@gov . state . ak.us]

             Sent :   Friday, November 02, 2007 8:12 AM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin      ( GOV sponsored)

             Subject :   Elections




             Web mail from : Ms. Brigitte Johnson

             address; 495 Beavercreek Lane Fallbrook CA 92028




             MESSAGE:

             Dear Gov Palin:




            We have been watching your career and have been extremely impressed . As a mother of
            daughters , your rise to the top has been inspirational and I point to you as a role
            model.




            I am also a supporter of Gov . Mitt Romney . I think I gravitate towards excellence. Both
            you and Gov. Romney exude excellence and success .   You are both incredibly smart,
            articulate and effective.




            You are both great examples of living your life through conservative principles as well.
            While you have worked hard and earned everything you have achieved , it doesn ' t hurt that
            you are blessed with good looks and charisma as well ( just like Mitt).
                                                                 1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0007352
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              I truly cannot think of a better combination for the 08 election than you and Gov Romney
              running together. There are many women -- who are not involved in politics -- who just
              want to vote for a woman . Having you -- a successful Republican  woman on our ticket --
              would certainly sway some of those women and independent voters our way ( and away from
              Hillary who they don't really like to begin with).




              A ticket with you and Gov . Romney is unstoppable in my opinion . Knowing what I know about
              you, I am sure that you are wise enough to see that Gov Romney is the ONLY candidate who
              offers conservatives ALL three branches of Reagan conservatism --- fiscal conservatism,
              national security conservatism and social conservatism .  It is a three - legged stool.
              Others offer only one or two of those legs and , as we know , those stools won't stand.



              Additionally, he is running the most organized and well-funded campaign . We will need
              those skills and "strategery  -- and money (his and ours ) to beat the Clinton machine.



              We Mitt fans encourage you to check out this web page ---- http :// www.freerepublic.com/
              -unmarkedpackage / ------ that has been put together to inform others about Gov Romney's
              record ( which has been unfairly distorted ). He governed extremely conservatively for a
              true blue place like Massachusetts . if he can do those things there , I think it bodes well
              for what he can accomplish in Washington.



              Please consider endorsing Mitt Romney and joining his campaign of excellence, optimism
              and progress for the future . It would be the best thing that ever happened to our country
              in a long time if the two of you would join forces for change in Washington.




              Thank you!




             Brigitte Johnson

             soccer mom in San Diego ( I sent the first email through an Alaska zip code to be sure
             you'd read it! )



             bbjaaa@aol.com




                                                            2




                                                                                                       PRA GSPOI 0007353
