Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From :                      Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored) [govpalin@alaska.gov]
              Sent:                       Friday, November 02, 2007 5:25 PM
              To:                         Rutherford; Marty K (DNR)
              Cc:                         Irwin; Tom E (DNR)
              Subject:                    Re: Over the top


              I agree - they'd tick off the public even more . Pocorro says they're skipping oiur
              process , going right to the Feds... maybe there are some new rumors on this. Again, he
              says he 'll get his "legit" source to give us more info if there is anything.



              ----- Original message -----

              From: Rutherford, Marty K (DNR)

              To: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

             Cc: Irwin,    Tom E (DNR)

              Sent: Fri Nov 02 17:21:59 2007

             Subject: RE: Over the top




             Governor,

             This is consistent with the message Exxon has given us for many years , albeit quietly,
             that they intend to go "over the top ." When this came up during the SGDA' negotiations I
             would occasionally ask them how they intended to deal with the federal act and state law
             preclusions from going over the top.   Their response was always , when the time comes we'll
             "change the laws."



             What is interesting is that this issue is arising at this time , particularly since there
             was a rumor earlier this week that Exxon , and perhaps Enbridge , was going to make some big
             announcement on Thursday.   So far no announcement has emerged , but perhaps there is some
             relationship . I have heard nothing about this issue recently from Exxon , nor from any of
             the other Producer companies.



             If Exxon were to go public with their desire / intention to go "over the top " with the
             gasline project , I. believe it will be poorly received by the public. It could be another
             of their misjudgments.

             Marty




             -----Original Message-----

             From :   Palin,    Sarah   (GOV sponsored)

             Sent :   Friday,   November 02, 2007 4:26 PM


                                                                       1




                                                                                                                PRA GSPO1 _0007364
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              To: Irwin, Tom E    ( DNR); Rutherford ,   Marty K (DNR)

              Subject: Over the top



             Mike Pocarro tells me a reliable source is insisting the oilies are planning an "over the
             top" route w/ nat gas . He's asking his source if verified info can be revealed so we can
             follow up. I told him I hadn't heard this...




                                                                  2




                                                                                                            P RA_GS PO 1 _0007365
