Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
             From :                       gov.sarah@yahoo.com
             Sent:                        Saturday, November 03, 2007 7:26 AM
             To:                          kccole@mtaonline.net; Irwin; Tom E (DNR)
             Cc:                          Kristan Cole; Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Frank Bailey; Todd
             Subject:                     Re: Dan Fagan Show


              I love you guys!!!!



             You're doing an amazing job. Todd, Kris and Frank were keeping me up to speed as to how
             the show progressed . Thanks for kicking butt and being bold and just laying it on the line
             for the public to understand we didn't cause MatMaid problems, we're here to solve them so
             it can land in the private sector ' s hands.



             Great job. Thank you.

             ------Original Message------

             From: Kristan Cole

             To: Tom Irwin

             To: Governor Sarah Palin

             Cc: Kristan Cole

             ReplyTo: kccole@mtaonline.net

             Sent: Nov 3, 2007 5:35 AM

             Subject: RE: Dan Fagan Show




             Governor ,    Tom is way too modest ,       the truth is that he made us ALL look good

             yesterday.        We will continue working hard to solve these very difficult

             issues .     Kristan




             -----Original Message-----

             From :   Irwin,    Tom E   ( DNR) [mailto :tom.irwinoalaska.gov]

             Sent :   Friday,   November 02, 2007 8:30 PM

            To: Palin Sarah'

             Cc: Cole Kristan

             Subject : Dan Fagan Show



            Governor, I wanted you to know how much I appreciate the work Kristan is

            doing for this state. She did great on Dan's show and it was a privilege to
                                                                         1




                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01 0007393
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               be with her. God bless Tom




               Sent from my Blackberry® device from Cellular One




                                                            2
