Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                          Page 1 of I



                    Unknown

                     From:            Bailey, Frank T (GOV) [/O=SOAIOU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                      GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=FTBAILEYI
                     Sent:            Friday, November 02, 2007 1:16 PM
                     To:              gov. sarah @yahoo.com; Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
                     Subject: FW: McKie in the blogs

                  ... interesting . As you know Harris appointed McKie to CACFA.


                 From: Saddler, Daniel R (GOV)
                 Sent: Friday, November 02, 2007 11:55 AM
                 To: Bailey, Frank T (GOV)
                 Subject: McKie in the blogs

                  Looks like someone's following McKie's career, and communicating on the ADN blog.

                 November 1, 2007 - 11:48pm I akwillis

                 ne other tradg=dy h that this tradgedywill r   t   If


                 WHERE ARE HARRIS AND GREEN TODAY? When will we be able to read the lessons they have
                 learned from these convictions? When will they explain how they plan to drain the ethical cesspool they
                 watched enlarge until the FBI brought some relief. When will the "scripting" of the fate of legislation
                 end? That term has even been applied to the special session by the Senate Minority Leader.
                 The legislature will be back in regular session in January. In the light of the convictions since last
                 January what are Harris and Green going to change?
                 wtn ,gieee, m P^R mmam .t. 10.6 t 1 ,



                   November 2, 2007 - 12:05am I edgefinder
                 anrrW
                 He's trying to get our old pal miner-in- charge-of-keeping-fisheries-sustainable Mckie Campbell in
                 the revolving door.

                 Heck he's even got a college degree in politics so he must be the man for the (some) job.

                 Hopefully he gets his head in the door and not the rest of him to cause his final political decapitation.

                 ker plunk!
                 loch am i." npon aoaana.. 1D4.hi..




                 - Dan Saddler
                 Deputy Director, Boards and Commissions
                 269-7447 W; 269-7463 F




                 8/26/2009


                                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0007382
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                       Page 1 of I



                   Byers, Gail Y (LAW)

                   From:    Dan Winkelman [Dan_Winkelman@ykhc.org]
                   Sent:    Friday, November 02, 2007 3:27 PM
                   To:      Palin; Sarah H (GOV)
                   Cc:      Jackson ; Karleen K (HSS); Streur; William J (HSS); Fuller; Jerry (HSS); Kelly; Russell T (GOV);
                            Kim; Anna C (GOV); Hoffman ; Lyman F (LAA); Olson; Donny (LAA); Nelson; Mary (LAA)
                   Subject: YKHC's Capital Requests


                  Governor Sarah Palin:

                  Please find attached the Yukon-Kuskokwim Health Corporation's capital requests.

                  Thank you,

                  Dan Winkelman, VP for Administration &. General Counsel
                  Yukon-Kuskokwim Health Corporation
                  P.O. Box 528
                  Bethel, Alaska 99559
                  (907) 543-6032 (direct line)
                  (907) 543-6919 (facsimile)
                  (907) 351-0057 (travel cellular)
                  Leah Woolard, Legal Assistant (907) 543-6915

                  Confidentiality Notice: This e-mail message may contain confidential and privileged
                  information protected by Attorney-Client Privilege and/or it may contain Attorney-
                  Client Work Product. If you received this message in error, please notify us by reply
                  e-mail or by collect telephone call at the above numbers and immediately delete all
                  and any attachments.




                 6/9/2009


                                                                                                                         PRA_GSP01_0007383
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                             YUKON-KUSKOKWIM HEALTH CORPORATION
                               "Working Together to Achieve Excellent Health"
                                                                  November 2, 2007



                    The Honorable Sarah Palin
                    Governor of Alaska
                    Post Office Box 110001
                    Juneau, Alaska 99811-0001

                    RE:     Fiscal Year 2008 Capital Project Proposals

                    Dear Governor Palin:

                           On behalf of the people served by the Yukon- Kuskokwim Health Corporation (YKHC), we are
                   pleased to provide you with our Legislative Priorities that will further improve the health status of this
                   region. As you know, YKHC provides health care under the authority of 58 federally -recognized Tribes
                   and pursuant to a Title V Compact with the federal government under the Indian Self -Determination Act.
                   YKHC provides health care services to over 50 villages in the Yukon-Kuskokwim Delta region of Alaska,
                   an area the size of the State of Oregon , with virtually no roads.

                            Access to medical care is a significant problem for Alaska Natives, namely it is due to a lack of
                   necessary health care infrastructure. When infrastructure exists , access occurs primarily by boat in the
                   summers, by snow machine in winters , and by airplane year-round. Access to care is further limited by
                   the distances between villages, the cost of transportation , and the time associated with travel . During the
                   harsh winter months, patient access to health care is often delayed by hours and days, until the weather
                   clears and planes are able to fly. Patient care has been compromised , and lives have been lost due to these
                   daily transportation challenges faced by patients in this region.

                            With your support of last session ' s Senate Bill 61, the Medicaid Implementation Study that is
                   underway, limiting general fund growth in the Medicaid program has the potential to become reality. The
                   Report to: State ofAlaska , Senate Finance Committee, Medicaid Program Review Jan. 2007 (hereinafter
                   Medicaid Report), prepared by the Pacific Health Policy Group, emphasized that "it is in the state's
                   interest to build stronger relationships with tribal providers ..:' but there were specific challenges related
                   to Medicaid funding, including the ". . . [l]ack of funding to build infrastructure ." Report at 86.

                           YKHC recognizes the limitation of funds available and in an effort to do our part to streamline
                   state programs, YKHC has chosen this year to prioritize our top legislative requests as follows:

                                                  1) Prematernal Home Construction Funds;
                                                 2) Assisted Living Home Construction Funds; and
                                                 3) Technology Equipment Funds.

                         We respectfully request your favorable consideration and support of these projects in your capital
                  budget request for consideration by the next Legislature.



                                                                   Page 1 of 4

                                       P.O. Box 528 · Bethel, Alaska 99559 · 907-543-6000 · 1-800-478-3321




                                                                                                                         PRA GSP01 0007384
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                            1. Prematernal Home Construction Funds

                           The first priority is for $9.7 million to fund the construction of a new facility for the Bethel
                    Prematernal Home. Women of the villages are asked to come to Bethel to await the delivery of their child
                    up to one month prior to their delivery date. The facility is presently 36 years old and in dire need of
                    replacement due to age, wear and tear of everyday occupation, and demand due to census increases.

                             A larger facility will support the staff and equipment needed to operate as well as enable the health
                    education component of the program to develop. Most importantly, a new facility will improve and offer
                    a safe living environment for expectant mothers and unborn children, accommodating our service needs.

                            Three years ago, the Alaska State Legislature provided $150,000 for planning and design of a
                    replacement facility.' In 2006, the Legislature provided the initial $2 million to begin construction of the
                    Prematernal Home. Nevertheless, YKHC is maintaining an aggressive capital campaign to finish the
                    Prematernal Home replacement project by looking at all available fenders. Potential private fenders
                    include, but are not limited to the Kellog Foundation (which specializes in capital challenge grants) and
                    the Paul Allen Foundation in Seattle.

                            YKHC requests $ 9.7 million from the Legislature to finish capital development of this piece of
                    vital regional infrastructure.

                           2. Assisted Living Home Construction Funds

                           Our second priority for FY08 is $600,000 for Phase One to construct an Assisted Living Home
                   under the Green House model for the residents of the Yukon-Kuskokwim Delta. We have secured 36%
                   percent matching funds for this project from the Denali Commission. The total project cost is estimated
                   at $11 million. We are seeking $7 million from all potential funding sources to fund the remaining 64
                   percent in project costs.

                           Several years ago, YKHC developed a business plan to construct a traditional Assisted Living
                   Home. However, a recent study performed by Manillaq, the tribal health organization for the Kotzebue
                   region, proved that a traditional Assisted Living Home would not be as sustainable as a Green House
                   model. Therefore, YKHC is transitioning its current plans for a traditional Assisted Living Home to a
                   community-based Green House model. The total cost estimates for either model are expected to be
                   relatively the same, and initial estimates will be confirmed with the completion of a new business plan
                   and architectural and engineering drawings.

                          Accordingly, YKHC requests a total appropriation of $600,000 for Phase One to determine
                   YKHC's final cost estimates for an Assisted Living Home under the Green House model. Individually,
                   these costs are: $150,000 for the business plan, and $450,000 for architectural and engineering drawings.

                          The Yukon-Kuskokwim Delta has a vital need for long-term care. YKHC has designed and is
                   prepared to build and operate an 18-bed Assisted Living Home facility in Bethel, Alaska to serve the
                   growing population of seniors and adults with disabilities that meet the nursing level of care in the
                   Yukon-Kuskokwim Delta region.




                    Legislative Municipal Grant to the City of Bethel.
                                                                   Page 2 of 4




                                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0007385
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                           The people of the Yukon-Kuskokwim Delta and statewide representatives have long recognized
                   the need for assisted living in our region-it is the only region in the State of Alaska without long-term
                   care options. All long-term care clients are sent out of region to Anchorage and other areas of the State
                   for services with documented estimates of 45 to 50 individuals, at any one time, from the YKHC area.
                   This means a significant amount of Indian Health Service beneficiaries, who are otherwise eligible for
                   100 percent federal Medicaid funding, are receiving long-term care services from non-tribal providers
                   resulting in substantial costs to the State of Alaska's general fund monies . Indeed, the Medicaid Report
                   stated:

                          And because tribal providers receive 100 percent federal Medicaid funding, Alaska
                          would realize state savings if Medicaid services currently delivered at non -tribal sites
                          were instead provided by 638 providers. For example, the Alaska Medicaid program
                          spends approximately $ 19 million for non-tribal nursing facility services provided to
                          AI/ANs, of which approximately $8 million is state matching funds . IfAlaska were to
                          provide financial support for development of tribal health long-term capacity, the
                          potential state savings could be significant.

                  Id. at 89 (emphasis added).

                          Long-term care has been identified as a priority during the last 10 of YKHC's Tribal Gatherings.
                  This initiative also has strong community commitment and support of Tribes, resulting in resolution of
                  support from various Tribes region-wide. It is also a component of the City of Bethel Strategic Economic
                  Development Plan.

                          In the Executive Summary of the ANTHC August 2005 report, Long Term Care Needs for Alaska
                  Native Elders, the Bethel Assisted Living Home was referenced as its top priority . In 2004, the State of
                  Alaska and the Robert Wood Johnson Coming Home Program considered this region a top priority and
                  recommended Bethel as the first priority for assisted living development in rural Alaska . Recently, as
                  determined by the Medicaid Report, "It would be in the state ' s interest, from both a financial and quality
                  of service perspective, to actively participate in establishing greater capacity among tribal providers to
                  furnish long-term care-both institutional and community-based." Id. at 88 . In partnership with the State
                  of Alaska, YKHC is willing to lead in this role.

                          3. Technology Equipment Upgrades

                          Our third priority is $572,000 for technology equipment upgrades . Many of our technology
                  equipment systems are now beyond their useful lives and are in need of replacement. Much of the
                  technology equipment supporting YKHC's various healthcare systems is outdated and no longer
                  supported by vendors or manufacturers . YKHC is currently experiencing delays, extended down time,
                  security vulnerability, compliance issues and a risk of data loss if these systems upgrades are not
                  performed soon . For these upgrades, the Indian Health Service's budget is wholly insufficient.

                         YKHC's systems upgrades will allow for increased data access for treatment of patients, a
                  reduction in equipment failures and increased efficiencies in staff utilization . These systems are relied
                  upon heavily for patient data access , especially in clinical, financial and village operations.

                         We respectfully request $572,000 for Technology Equipment Upgrades.



                                                                   Page 3 of 4




                                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0007386
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                           Other Funding Opportunities

                            Of course, if the opportunity is available to do more this legislative session, please understand that
                   there are still unmet needs in the region. Given the third world conditions in which many of our residents
                   live, the list of needs in nearly unlimited. We realize the resources are not unlimited. We have identified
                   the highest construction and operational priorities and opportunities. We have proven that we can be
                   enormously self-reliant, but we do need the basic tools. We hope each one will receive serious attention.
                   Please contact Dan Winkelman, VP for Admin. & General Counsel, at 907-543-6915 (travel cell 907-351-
                   0057) if any additional back-up material is needed or if you would like to discuss any of these proposals
                   in more detail.

                          Finally, for all of your efforts, we say a very heartfelt, "quyanaq-vaa" (thank you very much) for
                   your efforts on behalf of our entire population. Your contributions to rural Alaska, including our region,
                   have made a real difference in the lives of our people:




                                                                   ene Peltola
                                                                 President & CEO (907-543-6020)

                   cc:    Senator Lyman Hoffman
                          Representative Mary Nelson
                          Senator Donny Olson
                          Commissioner DHSS , Karleen Jackson
                          Mr. Bill Streur, DHSS




                                                                   Page 4 of 4




                                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0007387
