Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                    Page 1 of 3


                   Unknown

                   From :   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
                   Sent:    Saturday, November 03, 2007 11:12 AM
                   To:      Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                   Subject: FW: November 02, 2007 State Chamber E-News




                  From: Wayne Stevens [mailto:wstevens@alaskachamber.com]
                  Sent: Friday, November 02, 2007 4:18 PM
                  To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
                  Subject: November 02, 2007 State Chamber E-News




                  Alaska State Chamber of
                  Commerce
                   November 02, 2007 E-News

                  Deadline to Submit Positions for Legislative Tie-in -
                  November 15
                  The Alaska State Chamber of Commerce Legislative Tie-in is set for November 29 and 30 at the
                  Hilton Anchorage Hotel. All State Chamber members are encouraged to attend and participate in
                  this important opportunity to help set Legislative Priorities for the upcoming 2008 Legislative
                  Session.

                  The State Chamber will use this event to establish our priority positions supported by concise
                  action items needed to achieve each position . Positions must have statewide impact and be
                  consistent with the State Chamber's mission . You can read it online by clicking here.
                  Each position submitted must have a representative available at the Tie -in to make a live
                  presentation of the position and explain the reasoning and support for the position . Each position
                  must have close adherence to the format suggestions , especially financial impact ; and strict
                  adherence to the submittal deadline.

                  All priorities and positions adopted by the State Chamber and now posted on our web site here,
                  will be set aside, and must be resubmitted for consideration. If there is a position or priority that
                  the State Chamber currently has on its 2007 list that you believe needs to be on the list for 2008,
                  you must resubmit it in the format requested and be prepared to speak to the position at the event
                  on November 29.

                  The deadline for submission of proposed positions is the close of business on November 15,
                  2007, preferably in PDF format. Position statements submitted after November 15 must receive a
                  two-thirds vote of those present on November 29 to be considered for action.



                  11/9/2009



                                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0007388
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                 Page 2 of 3



                 Ground rules as established for the meeting and the format required for submissions is on-line at our
                 web site. To read the rules and see the format required click here.

                 E-mail your proposed positions to wstevens (@alaskachamber. com by November 15, 2007.
                 The proposals approved by the legislative committee will be posted on the State Chamber website at
                 www.alaskachamber.com

                 Hard copies of the packet will be available and distributed to the membership prior to the start of the
                 Legislative Tie-in meeting.

                                     "Creating Opportunity, Removing Barriers"
                                       Register On-line To Attend 2007 Legislative Tie-In
                 Don't miss the most important Alaska State Chamber meeting of the year!
                 The Alaska State Chamber of Commerce ' s 2007 Legislative Tie-In, " Creating Opportunity , Removing
                 Barriers", is set for November 29 and 30 at the Hilton Anchorage Hotel . All State Chamber members are
                 encouraged to attend and participate in this important opportunity to help set Legislative Priorities for
                 the upcoming 2008 Legislative Session.

                 Attend the legislative position discussions with the luncheon and networking reception included for $75.
                 The luncheon only is $35 and the networking reception only is $25 . Both the Luncheon and the
                 reception may be reserved separately . All events are at the Hilton Anchorage Hotel . Seating is limited.
                 Click here to register for the event on-line.

                 The Hilton Anchorage Hotel is offering a discounted room rate of $92.00 to Tie-In participants. To
                 reserve call (907) 272-7411 or 1-800-HILTONS and mention the Legislative Tie-Code code: ASC.

                 The 2007 Legislative Tie-In Luncheon will feature Dr. James A . Caillier, Executive Director of the
                 Patrick F. Taylor Foundation. Dr. Caillier will present on the merits of The Taylor Plan. The Taylor Plan
                 lays the groundwork for high school students to achieve their goals by motivating them to earn a state-
                 funded, merit-based opportunity to further their education and realize their ambitions . For more
                 information visit www.taylorplan.com

                 A Networking Reception will follow the legislative priorities vote from 5:00 until 7: 00 p.m. Register to
                 meet and mingle with the State Chamber board of directors , statewide business members and attending
                 legislators. Discuss the implications of the legislative priorities and position on the upcoming session
                 while enjoying scenic views of Anchorage in the Hilton Anchorage Chart Room on the 10th floor.

                  State Chamber Committees Looking for Members to Participate
                 The Alaska State Chamber of Commerce Communications Committee and the Membership Committee
                 are looking for volunteers interested in helping to grow our membership and implement our
                 Communications Plan. Committees typically meet every couple of weeks via teleconference for less
                 than an hour.

                 The Communications Committee , Chaired by Heidi Franklin of Pebble Limited Partnership , is next
                 meeting on Monday November 5. The committee is working on the development of plans to help
                 publicize our Legislative Tie-in and the priorities we adopt for the upcoming Legislative Session.




                  11/9/2009



                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01 0007389
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                              Page 3 of 3


                 The Communications Committee's purpose is to develop plans, programs and policies that clearly and
                 consistently carry the various messages of the State Chamber, through a variety of communication
                 vehicles, to its constituents, members, employees, collaborators, the business community, policy makers
                 and the public. Inform members and other organizations, as appropriate, about State Chamber events
                 and activities.

                 Tasks
                     Develop a strategic communication plan.
                     Ensure the ASCC strategic communication plan is implemented and updated.
                     Plan the annual committee work plan.
                     Assist in planning editorial content for ASCC publications.
                     Assist in providing content for the website.
                     Assist other committees in communicating with members.
                     Provide the media with information about ASCC issues.

                 The Membership Committee Co-Chaired by Caroline Higgins of TOTE and Mary Ann Pease of MAP
                 Consulting are looking to grow membership and need volunteers to help plan strategy and
                 implementation of concerted efforts to accomplish this goal.

                 The Membership Committee's purpose is to assist in the development of a membership strategy that
                 continually increases new members and retains existing members. Look for opportunities to provide
                 added value for our members.

                 Tasks
                     Develop an annual membership campaign to attract new members.
                     Develop strategies to retain current members.
                     Assist in the development of membership materials.
                     Recommend added-value membership programs.
                     Periodically review membership structure and dues.

                 If you have an interest in helping out on any committee of the State Chamber or have questions, please
                 contact Wayne Stevens at 907-586-2010 or via e-mail at wstevensealaskachamber.com
                 Your participation and input is welcomed and appreciated.




                 11/9/2009



                                                                                                                PRA GSP01_0007390
