Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Unknown
              From :                  Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored) [govpalin@alaska.gov]
              Sent:                   Saturday, November 03, 2007 6:36 PM
              To:                     Yocom; Lauren J (GOV); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Leschper; Beth (GOV)
              Cc:                     Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Kelly; Russell T (GOV); Galvin; Patrick S (DOR)
              Subject:                Re: Press Release: Governor Palin Pleased with Senate Committee's Work


              Thanks, all!




              ----- Original Message -----

              From: Yocom, Lauren J (GOV) <lauren.yocom@alaska.gov>

              To: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Leschper, Beth (GOV)

              Cc: Yocom, Lauren J (GOV)

              Sent: Sat Nov 03 18:35:05 2007

              Subject: Press Release: Governor Palin Pleased with Senate Committee's Work




             IMMEDIATE RELEASE
             No. 07-217




             Governor Palin Pleased with Senate Committee's Work




             November 3, 2007, Juneau, Alaska - Governor Sarah Palin today expressed her appreciation
             for the work of Senate Judiciary in moving ACES from committee.




                                                                   1




                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0007397
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               "I am pleased to see the Senate Judiciary Committee work together in a cooperative manner
               to produce a solution that is reasonable and consistent with the principals we
               incorporated into ACES," Governor Palin said. "I hope all Alaskans will join me in
               applauding the efforts of these legislators. I am particularly happy that the Senate
               Committee included the 25 percent tax rate to ensure Alaska gets an equitable share of our
               resources.  I am also pleased they added language to reflect their commitment to save our
               surplus for the future."




               The ACES bill is now headed to the Senate Finance Committee.




                                                            2




                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0007398
