Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From :                       Frye, Ivy J (DOA) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                           GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=IJFRYE]
              Sent:                        Saturday, November 03, 2007 9:45 PM
              To:                          'gov . sarah@yahoo.com'
              Subject :                    Re: My apologies


              Thanks for your nice words . I'd do anything for ya.



                        Original Message -----

              From: gov.sarah@yahoo . com <gov . sarah@yahoo.com>

              To: Frye ,     Ivy J (DOA)

              Sent : Sat Nov 03 19:12 : 25 2007

              Subject : Re: My apologies



              Dear Lord - I hate that he (them? ) Does this to you . he and Bit both were so secretive,
              still are evidently . Pls don ' t let any of the strange comments get to ya . All will be
              well...

              Truly ,     it will be well.

              Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular one



              -----Original Message-----

              From :    " Frye , Ivy J (DOA)" <ivy.frye@ alaska.gov>



              Date :    Sat, 03 Nov 2007 18:23:14

              To:gov. sarah®yahoo.com

              Subject:     FW: My apologies




              FYI...




              It goes on and on with Chris Clark. I .will get to the bottom of where he's getting his
              info ! If small things like Mindy ' s hire is getting out, what else is Chris finding out
              and WHO ' S telling him?




                                                                     1




                                                                                                                PRA_GSP01_0007409
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                From: Frye, Ivy J (DOA)

              Sent: Sat 11/3/2007 5:50 PM

              To: 'cgcalaskac yahoo.com'

              Subject: Re: My apologies




              Man, Chris. You just wrote on and on about how you want to help the governor succeed, yet
              you don't want to tell me who's sharing confidential info from the 3rd floor.



              ----- Original Message -----

              From: Christopher Clark <cgcalaskaoyahoo.com>

              To: Frye, Ivy J (DOA)

              Sent: Sat Nov 03 17:27:34 2007

              Subject: Re: My apologies




              Can't tell you.



              I must protect my sources.



              That's the rules of the game. A reporter is only as good as his sources.




              ----- Original Message ----

              From :   " Frye , Ivy J (DOA)" <ivy. frye@alaska.gov>

              To: cgcalaska@yahoo.com

              Sent :   Saturday ,   November 3, 2007 5 : 20:05 PM

              Subject :   Re: My apologies




             Chris, you ALWAYS know the.beat in the capitol. Who said it?



              ----- Original Message -----

                                                                    2




                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0007410
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              From: Christopher Clark <cgcalaska@yahoo.com>

              To: Frye, Ivy J (DOA)

              Sent :   Sat Nov 03 17:16: 48 2007

              Subject: Re: My apologies




              That, I don't know.



             When I con prised that I knew.




              ----- Original message ----

             From: "Frye, Ivy J (DOA)" <ivy.frye@alaska.gov>

             To: Christopher Clark <cgcalaska@yahoo.com>

             Sent: Saturday,         November 3,   2007 5: 10:34 PM

             Subject:      RE: My apologies




             Perhaps I should be more specific. How would anyone know the hiring decision of the third
             floor? Who would give out that information?




             From : Christopher Clark (mailto:cgcalaska@yahoo.com <mailto:cgcalaska@yahoo.com>                   )

             Sent : Sat 11 / 3/2007 5:06 PM

             To: Frye, Ivy J (DOA)

             Subject: Re: My apologies




             A friend who works in House Finance.




             ----- Original Message ----

             From :    " Frye ,   Ivy J (DOA)" <ivy. frye@alaska.gov>

             To: Christopher Clark <cgcalaska@yahoo.com>

                                                                      3




                                                                                                                PRA GSP01_0007411
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Sent: Saturday, November 3, 2007 5:03:38 PM

              Subject: RE: My apologies




              Well, who told you that Mindy was hired?




              mailto : cgcalaska@yahoo.com]

              Sent : Wed 10 / 31/2007 5:36 PM

              To: Frye ,   Ivy J (DOA)

              Subject : Re: My apologies




             Amen to that -- all of that.




              ---   Original Message ----

             From: "Frye, Ivy J (DOA)" <ivy.frye@alaska.gov>

             To: Christopher Clark <cgcalaska@yahoo.com>

             Sent: Wednesday, October 31, 2007 3:19:15 PM

             Subject: RE: My apologies




             There are too many rumors out there that aren't conducive to what Governor Palin and her
             Administration are trying to accomplish.




             There are too many comments about what is going wrong or right; who's working for her and
             who's not; who's a good employee and who's not; and it goes on and on. I'm absolutely
             sick of it. I've said this a million times, but what do any of these comments have to do
             with good public policy? I'm sure neither of us (me or you) know who is goin ss you've
             had a conversation with Mike or the governor, I wouldn't believe it AND if they did talk
             to you, I sure as heck wouldn't be repeating it.   If you do have access to this type of
                                                            4




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01 0007412
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              information or any other 3rd floor information, I'd be confronting the person or letting
              Mike know- I promise you that.




             From: Christopher Clark [mailto:cgcalaska@yahoo.com <mailto:cgcalaska®yahoo.com> ]

             Sent: Wednesday, October 31, 2007 10:09 AM

             To: Frye, Ivy J (DOA)

             Subject: Re: My apologies




             One more thing       .



             After I had the brainstorm in which I thought you could do the job as deputy legislative
             director, I ran it by John -- thinking he would tell me if I were nuts or not.



             He thought you would be better off at Administration, but he didn't seem to think my idea
             was far-fetched. We both could be assured, at the least, that there would be someone in
             that office who rociously loyal to the governor.



             ----- Original Message ----

             From :   Christopher Clark <cgcalaska@yahoo.com>

             To: " Frye, Ivy J (DOA)" <ivy.frye@ alaska.gov>

             Sent : Wednesday ,   October 31, 2007 10:01:50 AM

             Subject :   Re: My apologies




             Nobody told me that you were interested in being deputy legislative director.



             It was only an idea I had one night, at home. At the time, it seemed like a Eureka !
             moment. It may have been fueled, in part, by the warm cup of sake that I was drinking, I
             confess.



             Given your familiarity with the legislature, I thought and think you could do it. You know
             the players, the quirks, the personalities. You know how legislation moves through
             committee . You know the lay of the land. You understand the process and how difficult it
             can be.



                                                             5




                                                                                                        PRA GSP01_0007413
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             I want the governor to succeed. So I was brainstorming on who could take the job to help
             meet that goal. Your face popped into my mind.



             On a different note



             I'm now ciary discuss the pluses and minuses of the gross tax versus the net tax. It's
             going well. Pat's doing a good job. Of all the committees that are hearing the governor's
             bill, this one is and will be the kindest and most supportive of her.



             Be that as it may, the real fight -- or, at least, the biggest and most important battles
             -- will occur on the House and Senate floors.



             I'm of the opinion -- and several reporters agree with me -- that the governor is in a
             win-win position. A nice place to be. More on that, later.



             ----- Original Message ----

             From :    " Frye, Ivy J (DOA)" <ivy.frye@alaska.gov>

             To: Christopher Clark <cgcalaska@yahoo.com>

             Sent : Wednesday ,   October 31,   2007 9 : 28:43 AM

             Subject:    RE: My apologies




             Again, I still haven't heard that Mindy or anyone else was hired. It hasn't been
             confirmed, that I know. You never encouraged me to apply for the deputy director
             position.  I never have come up to you one on the phone and said, `I want to be the deputy
             legislative director."  Understandably, I'm very curious who would tell you something like
             that.  That's the only information that's relevant to this entire conversation.'




             Please don ' t offer me knowledge or confidence if it' s based on rumor- it doesn't help
             anybody.




             Thanks,




                                                                    6




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0007414
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Ivy




             From; Christopher Clark [mailto:cgcalaska@yahoo.com <mailto:cgcalaska@yahoo.com>

             Sent: Tuesday, October 30, 2007 1:12 PM

             To: Frye, Ivy J (DOA)

             Subject: My apologies                         _




             My apologies.



             I never meant to offend or hurt you. On the contrary, I intended to offer you
             encouragement and support. I clearly missed the mark. And for that, I am sorry.



             I just want to see you flourish and succeed. Hence , my clumsy attempts in offering you
             encouragement and the latest rumbl idence and knowledge -- that's all I was trying to
             offer.



             To be clear, I want our governor to do well and continue to shine. She's a welcomed balm
             to this malignant, diseased political system. I want Alaskans' current love affair with
             her to last the arc and span of her political career. It's good for people to have faith
             in their leaders and their government. Refreshing, too.



             Let me tell you what I tell others unabashedly, including my friends in the press corps:
             in spite of what happened to me, in spite of my losing a job in the governor's office, I
             want the governor to succeed. I want her to remain popular and strong. I want her to stay
             popular and strong so she may negotiate from a position of strength when dealing with the
             oil industry. You. and I both know all too well what it's like for the state to have a
             weakened, unpopular, and lame-duck governor. I don't want to see that happen again.
             Especially to her. I adored her while I worked for her. And I still do. As J she's a
             breath of fresh air.



             Let me remind you that I voted for Sarah Palin in last year's primary and general
             elections for two reasons: her strong stand on the gas pipeline and her embodiment of an
             ethical public life. Sarah Palin doesn't just talk about ethics. She lives it. She
             embodies it. She has made sacrifices to uphold it. That's why I like her.



                                                          7




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0007415
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Just so you know, I did not forward your e-mail to John or anybody. And I            am not sending
             this one to anyone via blind copy or any other means.



             I am disheartened that you have lost your faith and trust in me, if, indeed, you ever had
             it. This is a personal loss for me.



             Perhaps this is the price I must pay when trying to balance my friendship with John with
             my desire to see the governor succeed.



             For what it's worth, I plan to tease him today ... mercilessly ... over John Harris's live
             shot yesterday during KTUU' s 5:00 newscast . Did you see it? Oh, my God. Let me put it this
             way: John Harris is NO Sar vel at how she handles herself -- so easily and adroitly -- in
             front of the cameras . She makes it look easy and effortless -- a true sign of a master, as
             we learn in aikido. It seems she requires so little preparation and then, bam! Nails the
             press conference . Nails the interview. I don't why, but it leaves me in stitches every
             time. I've worked for seven legislators. Not one holds a candle to the governor in this
             regard. She's remarkable. Or, as Bill McAllister once told me, amazing.



             As for my previous e-mails .to you ...



             I just had a brainstorm one evening that you would be good in the legislative office. And
             I just wanted you to know that. I still do, by the way, for what that's worth.



             When I learned that Mindy got the job, I felt like an idiot having tried to encourage you
             to pursue a position that had already been filled. I wrongly assumed -- largely because I
             believed you are far better connected than I -- that you already knew about that hire. My
             apologies,



             I do wish you well and I want you to continue to shine.



             Chris



             ----- Original message ----

             From: " Frye, Ivy J (DOA)" <ivy.frye@alaska.gov>

             To: Christopher Clark <cgcalaska@yahoo.com>

             Sent: Monday, October 29, 2007 2:32:15 PM

             Subject: RE: You could have done it




             I hadn't heard they appointed a deputy director. I'm sure it's not pubic information yet.
               And how would you know if I was interested anyway?



                                                              8




                                                                                                         PRA_GSP01_0007416
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             I don't appreciate you stating the first line as if I had been inquiring with you or
             anyone else about who the new deputy would be, and I don't appreciate that you infer that
             you and I have been discussing my interest in the deputy director position. Your email
             was cleverly written and although I can't prove it I will assume you blind copied others.




             Your comments about Tibbles can only come from John Bitney-feel free to share that with
             him too.  And, if Mike was your friend and you believed in the Administration you wouldn't
             be passing on rumors you hear. I don't want to hear the rumors because I don't believe
             them.




             I've also asked you politely before not to send me emails regarding the governor. I would
             appreciate if you would honor my request.




             I'm not, as you say, trying to get "closer to the governor." I don't need to try. She
             knows I'd do anything for her.




             From: Christopher Clark [mailto:cgcalaska@yahoo.com cmailto:cgcalaska@yahoo.com>         I

             Sent: Monday, October 29, 2007 1:36.PM

             To: Frye, Ivy J (DOA)

             Subject: You could have done it




                                                          9




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0007417
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Yes, I heard about the new deputy legislative director.



             Good for Mindy. And condolences to her as well.



             This is interesting because it proves that Tibbles still has some sway up there. That he's
             not qu y perceive him to be.



             It's also interesting because the decision was made during the special session instead of
             afterwards as expected.



             There are several good things about Mindy: she knows the legislature, understands the
             personalities, she HAS a good personality, she knows Tibbles well, and she knows the
             importance of fiscal notes. She's competent, experienced, dedicated, and used to putting
             in long hours. And she wasn't happy with recent developments in Senate Finance.



             For what it's worth ...



             I think you could have done the job. It would not have been easy. It would have strained
             the outer limits of diplomacy. But it would have gotten you closer to the governor.



             I'm disappointed that you weren't given the chance -- if that was even an option. On the
             other hand, I would have been mortified if I had encouraged you to take the job, you got
             it, and it turned out to be a disaster for you -- thus setting you way back rather than
             moving you way forward. eyed that you're still where you're at.



             You are well off there. Annette and Kevin have much to teach.



             My recommendation: get a regular session under your belt there. Just like Frank did. And
             learn, learn, learn. Have you become more familiar with Excel yet? Here's your chance.



             Hang in there , mon amie.



             Fondly,



             Chris




                                                          10




                                                                                                     PRA_GSP01_0007418
