Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From:                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
             Sent:                    Saturday, November 03, 2007 7:10 PM
             To:                      Frye; Ivy J (DOA)
             Subject:                 Re: Press Release : Governor Palin Pleased with Senate Committee's Work


             Amen!

             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



             -----Original Message-----

             From :    "Frye, Ivy a (DOA)" <ivy. frye @alaska.gov>




             Date: Sat, 03 Nov 2007 18:51:37

             To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

             Subject:     Re: Press Release : Governor Palin Pleased with Senate Committee's Work




             That is awesome!



              Quinn just said lyda said in the hallway today "don't get used to it," meaning the good
             changes that were made to sb20001 today. Perhaps quinn should bring to light that members
             of the senate want to bring a good product forward w the exception of their sen pres!!!



              ----- Original message -----

              From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

              To: Frye, Ivy J (DOA)

              Sent :    Sat Nov 03 18:47:39 2007

              Subject: Fw: Press Release: Governor Palin Pleased with Senate Committee's Work




              IMMEDIATE
             RELEASE
             No. 07-217



                                                                   1




                                                                                                                PRA_GSP01_0007421
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Governor Palin Pleased with Senate Committee's Work




              November 3, 2007, Juneau, Alaska - Governor Sarah Palin today expressed her appreciation
             for the work of Senate Judiciary in moving ACES from committee.




              "I am pleased to see the Senate Judiciary Committee. work together in a cooperative manner
             to produce a solution that is reasonable and consistent with the principals we
             incorporated into ACES," Governor Palin said. "I hope all Alaskans will join me in
             applauding the efforts of these legislators. I am particularly happy that the Senate
             Committee included the 25 percent tax rate to ensure Alaska gets an equitable share of our
             resources . I am also pleased they added language to reflect their commitment to save our
             surplus for the future."




              The ACES bill is now headed to the Senate Finance Committee.




                                                          2




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0007422
