Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                           Page 1 of 1


                 Unknown

                  From :      Myrna Brown (mbrown@ccthita.org]
                  Sent:       Monday, November 05, 2007 9:59 AM
                  To:         Ruaro; Randall P (GOV)
                  Cc:         Palin ; Sarah H (GOV)
                  Subject :   Request
                  Importance: High
                 Good Morning Randy,

                 The meeting with the Attorney General Talis Colberg and Assistant Attorney General
                 Stacy Steinberg occurred October 19 , 2007 with Eddie Brakes , Child Support Manager,
                 Jessie Archibald , CS Tribal Attorney, Alfred McKinley , Sr., Judiciary Member and Debra
                 O'Gara, Magistrate. We appreciated meeting with both Mr. Colberg and Ms . Steinberg
                 for that meeting.

                 The introductions, relationships and interests were well established in the meeting. The
                 position of the CCTHITA delegation appeared to be ( 1) a request for the State to honor
                 the [presumptive agreement and its] terms of the "transfer process" for TCSU cases
                 previously discussed and agreed upon by CSSD and detailed in the March 29, 2007
                 letter which provided for two possible procedures for transfer . The CCTHITA
                 delegation's negotiating position also included (2) its request the CSSD keep
                 transferred cases open for the purpose of assisting the CCTHITA with IRS and PFD
                 intercepts, and (3) for the Bureau of Vital Statistics ( BVS) to provide access for TSCU to
                 copies of birth certificates and (4 ) to make necessary changes to existing birth
                 certificates in accordance with a Tribal Court Paternity Order.

                 Alfred McKinley 's talk about the primary goal of providing for the needs of children and
                 custodial parents served by Title IV- D, and the prospect for cooperation between the
                 CCTHITA and the State was important , and a reprise of the common goal of serving
                 needy children is indeed our focus . Indian Child Welfare Act facts concerning
                 jurisdiction of tribal courts to which Title IV-D legislation and regulation may refer and be
                 addressed for discussion.

                 As we spoke on the phone I left the option open to meet with Governor Palin open and
                 would like to move forward as soon as possible in your assistance in setting up another
                 meeting with President William E . Martin , Eddie Brakes , Alfred McKinley , Sr., Jessie
                 Archibald and Debra O'Gara . Please let me know at your earliest convenience . We feel
                 that this would be of utmost importance for Central Council of Tlingit and Haida Indian
                 Tribes of Alaska.

                 Thank you.




                  11/9/2009



                                                                                                                 PRA GSP01_0007467
