Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                                     Page 1 of 7


                  Unknown

                  From :    Sarah Palin [gov.sarah@yahoo.com]
                  Sent:     Monday, November 05, 2007 11:26 AM
                  To:        Frye; Ivy J (DOA)
                  Subject: Re: Fw: My apologies
                  it's gotten a LOT worse since they left - lots more rumor mongering going on... you hit the nail
                  on the head!

                  "Frye, Ivy J (DOA)" <ivy.frye@alaska. gov> wrote:

                   Here's the latest. Don't worry, I won't be forwarding anymore emails from chris unless there's some
                   substantial revelation.
                   The thing that bothers me the most is he likes to perpetuate instability on the 3rd floor, and that it has only
                   gotten worse since he and bit left. Who does he think he is?

                   ---- Original Message -----
                   From: Christopher Clark <cgcalaska @yahoo.com>
                   To: Frye, Ivy J (DOA)
                   Sent: Sat Nov 03 17:33:17 2007
                   Subject: Re: My apologies

                    In regards to who's leaking information from the Third Floor, that I don't know. And that's the truth.

                   As a common understanding, courtesy, or condition when getting something that may be sensitive, I don't
                   press my sources on where they get their information -- unless I really need something on the record.
                   However, insisting that my sources reveal their sources is usually met by a grin, a wag of the finger, or an
                   "Oh, Chris, you know better than to ask that." If I press, then I risk losing an opportunity in the future for
                   more information. That's just the way things work in the capitol and on the street. That's why it takes years
                   to buildup trust. (And only a second to destroy it.)

                   When I worked for the governor, I was stunned several times when certain people with offices on the
                   ground, 1st, 2nd, 4th, and 5th floors knew more about what was going on in the governor's office or, a
                   source of perpetual frustration, knew more about the governor's schedule than did I. Heather, for example,
                   seemed to know EVERYTHING that was happening on the Third Floor long before she was considered a
                   candidate for the governor's legislative office. It was remarkable, if not troubling.

                   Here's a whopper for you: in August, I learned from sources in the legislature -- NOT John -- who was
                   going to be the new co-directors in the legislative office a day or two before Mike broke the news to me. I
                   was grateful. That way, I didn't look like a deer in the headlights when Mike told me that my services were
                   no longer needed.

                    As Ben Franklin once said, three can keep a secret if two of them are dead.


                   ---- Original Message ----
                   From: "Frye, Ivy J (DOA)" <ivy.frye@alaska.gov>
                   To: cgcalaska@yahoo.com
                    Sent: Saturday, November 3, 2007 5 : 50:31 PM
                    Subject: Re: My apologies



                   Man, Chris. You just wrote on and on about how you want to help the governor succeed, yet you don't
                   want to tell me who's sharing confidential info from the 3rd floor.

                   ----- Original Message -----



                  11/9/2009



                                                                                                                                        PRA GSP01 0007468
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                           Page 2 of 7


                   From: Christopher Clark <cgcalaska@yahoo.com>
                   To: Frye, Ivy J (DOA)
                   Sent : Sat Nov 03 17:27:34 2007
                   Subject: Re: My apologies

                   Can't tell you.

                   I must protect my sources.

                   That's the rules of the game. A reporter is only as good as his sources.


                   ---- Original Message ----
                   From : "Frye, Ivy J (DOA)" <ivy. fiye@alaska.gov>
                   To: cgcalaska@yahoo.com
                   Sent: Saturday, November 3, 2007 5: 20:05 PM
                   Subject: Re: My apologies



                   Chris, you ALWAYS know the beat in the capitol . Who said it?

                   --- Original Message -----
                   From : Christopher Clark <cgcalaska@yahoo.com>
                   To: Frye, Ivy J (DOA)
                   Sent: Sat Nov 03 17:16:48 2007
                   Subject: Re: My apologies

                   That, I don't know.

                   When I contacted Mindy, she was surprised that I knew.


                   ---- Original Message --
                   From : "Frye, Ivy J (DOA)" <ivy. fye@alaska.gov>
                   To: Christopher Clark <cgcalaska@yahoo.com>
                   Sent: Saturday, November 3, 2007 5 : 10:34 PM
                   Subject: RE: My apologies


                   Perhaps I should be more specific. How would anyone know the hiring decision of the third floor? Who would
                   give out that information?



                   From: Christopher Clark [mailto :c calaska     ahoo.coml
                   Sent: Sat 11/3/2007 5:06 PM
                  To: Frye, Ivy J (DOA)
                  Subject: Re: My apologies


                  A friend who works in House Finance.


                  ---- Original Message ---
                  From: "Frye, Ivy J (DOA)" <ivy.frye@alaska.gov>
                  To: Christopher Clark <cgcalaska@yahoo.com>
                  Sent: Saturday, November 3, 2007 5:03:38 PM
                  Subject: RE: My apologies




                  11/9/2009



                                                                                                                                P RA_GS P01 _0007469
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                                     Page 3 of 7


                   Well, who told you that Mindy was hired?



                   From: Christopher Clark [mailto:c calaskaayahoo.coml
                   Sent: Wed 10/3112007 5:36 PM
                   To: Frye, by J (DOA)
                   Subject: Re: My apologies


                   Amen to that - all of that.




                   ----- Original Message ----
                   From: "Frye, Ivy J (DOA)" <ivy.f ye@alaska.gov>
                   To: Christopher Clark <cgcalaska@yahoo.com>
                   Sent: Wednesday, October 31, 2007 3:19:15 PM
                   Subject: RE: My apologies



                   There are too many rumors out there that arenAETMt conducive to what Governor Palin and her Administration are
                   trying to accomplish.



                   There are too many comments about what is going wrong or right ; whoSE*Ms working for her and whoarMs not;
                   whodErMs a good employee and whoaTMs not ; and it goes on and on. IBETMm absolutely sick of it. IdETMve said
                   this a million times, but what do any of these comments have to do with good public policy? IAErMm sure neither of
                   us (me or you) know who is going to be hired . Unless youaerMve had a conversation with Mike or the governor, I
                   wouldnafTMt believe it AND if they did talk to you, I sure as heck wouldn2£TMt be repeating it. If you do have
                   access to this type of information or any other 3rd floor information , IaEr1d be confronting the person or letting
                   Mike knowd"I promise you that.



                  From : Christopher Clark lmailto :cgoalaskaQyaahoo.coml
                  Sent: Wednesday, October 31 , 2007 10:09 AM
                  To: Frye, Ivy J (DOA)
                  Subject: Re: My apologies



                  One more thing ...

                  After I had the brainstorm in which I thought you could do the job as deputy legislative director, I ran it by John --
                  thinking he would tell me if I were nuts or not.

                  He thought you would be better off at Administration, but he didn't seem to think my idea was far-fetched. We both
                  could be assured, at the least, that there would be someone in that office who would work hard and be ferociously
                  loyal to the governor.

                   ---- Original Message ----
                  From: Christopher Clark <cgcalaska@yahoo.com>
                  To: " Frye, Ivy J (DOA)" <ivy.frye@alaska.gov>
                  Sent: Wednesday, October 31, 2007 10:01:50 AM
                  Subject: Re: My apologies

                  Nobody told me that you were interested in being deputy legislative director.



                 11/9/2009



                                                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0007470
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                                      Page 4 of 7



                   It was only an idea I had one night , at home. At the time , it seemed like a Eureka ! moment. It may have been
                   fueled, in part, by the warm cup of sake that I was drinking , I confess.

                   Given your familiarity with the legislature , I thought and think you could do it . You know the players, the quirks,
                   the personalities. You know how legislation moves through committee. You know the lay of the land. You
                   understand the process and how difficult it can be.

                   I want the governor to succeed . So I was brainstorming on who could take the job to help meet that goal. Your face
                   popped into my mind.

                   On a different note ...

                   I'm now listening to Senate Judiciary discuss the pluses and minuses of the gross tax versus the net tax . It's going
                   well. Pat's doing a good job. Of all the committees that are hearing the governor's bill, this one is and will be the
                   kindest and most supportive of her.

                   Be that as it may, the real fight - or , at least, the biggest and most important battles - will occur on the House and
                   Senate floors.

                   I'm of the opinion -- and several reporters agree with me -- that the governor is in a win-win position . A nice place
                   to be. More on that, later.

                   ---- Original Message ----
                   From : " Frye, Ivy J (DOA)" <ivy. frye@alaska.gov>
                   To: Christopher Clark <cgcalaska@yahoo.com>
                   Sent: Wednesday, October 31 , 2007 9: 28:43 AM
                   Subject: RE: My apologies

                   Again, I still havenAETMt heard that Mindy or anyone else was hired. It hasngTMt been confirmed, that I know.
                   You never encouraged me to apply for the deputy director position . I never have come up to you once in person, in
                   writing, on the phone and said, a1 want to be the deputy legislative director .aO Understandably, IaTMm very
                   curious who would tell you something like that . ThataETMs the only information thataTMs relevant to this entire
                   conversation.



                   Please donaETMdt offer me knowledge or confidence if itaTMs based on rumoraE "it doesnAETMt help anybody.



                   Thanks,



                   Ivy




                  From: Christopher Clark fmailto :cacalaska(a-)yahoo.coml
                  Sent : Tuesday, October 30, 2007 1:12 PM
                  To: Frye, Ivy J (DOA)
                  Subject: My apologies



                  My apologies.

                  I never meant to offend or hurt you . On the contrary, I intended to offer you encouragement and support . I clearly



                 11/9/2009



                                                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0007471
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                                        Page 5 of 7


                   missed the mark . And for that, I am sorry.

                   I just want to see you flourish and succeed. Hence, my clumsy attempts in offering you encouragement and the
                   latest rumblings in the capitol . Confidence and knowledge -- that's all I was trying to offer.

                   To be clear, I want our governor to do well and continue to shine . She's a welcomed balm to this malignant,
                   diseased political system . I want Alaskans' current love affair with her to last the arc and span of her political career.
                   its good for people to have faith in their leaders and their government. Refreshing, too.

                   Let me tell you what I tell others unabashedly , including my friends in the press corps : in spite of what happened to
                   me, in spite of my losing a job in the governor's office , I want the governor to succeed . I want her to remain popular
                   and strong. I want her to stay popular and strong so she may negotiate from a position of strength when dealing with
                   the oil industry . You and I both know all too well what its like for the state to have a weakened , unpopular, and
                   lame-duck governor. I don't want to see that happen again . Especially to her. I adored her while I worked for her.
                   And I still do . As John Tracy said last year, she's a breath of fresh air.

                   Let me remind you that I voted for Sarah Palin in last year 's primary and general elections for two reasons: her
                   strong stand on the gas pipeline and her embodiment of an ethical public life . Sarah Palin doesn't just talk about
                   ethics . She lives it. She embodies it. She has made sacrifices to uphold it. That's why I like her.

                   Just so you know, I did not forward your e-mail to John or anybody . And I am not sending this one to anyone via
                   blind copy or any other means.

                   I am disheartened that you have lost your faith and trust in me, if, indeed, you ever had it. This is a personal loss for
                   me.

                   Perhaps this is the price I must pay when trying to balance my friendship with John with my desire to see the
                   governor succeed.

                   For what it's worth, I plan to tease him today ... mercilessly ... over John Harris's live shot yesterday during KTUU's
                   5:00 newscast. Did you see it? Oh, my God. Let me put it this way: John Harris is NO Sarah Palin . Ha! I still marvel
                   at how she handles herself -- so easily and adroitly - in front of the cameras . She makes it look easy and effortless -
                   - a true sign of a master , as we learn in aikido . It seems she requires so little preparation and then, barn! Nails the
                   press conference . Nails the interview . I don't why, but it leaves me in stitches every time . I've worked for seven
                   legislators . Not one holds a candle to the governor in this regard . She's remarkable . Or, as Bill McAllister once told
                   me, amazing.

                   As for my previous a-mails to you ...

                   I just had a brainstorm one evening that you would be good in the legislative office. And I just wanted you to know
                   that. I still do, by the way, for what that's worth.

                   When I learned that Mindy got the job , I felt like an idiot having tried to encourage you to pursue a position that had
                   already been filled. I wrongly assumed -- largely because I believed you are far better connected than I -- that you
                   already knew about that hire . My apologies, again, for being a moron.

                   I do wish you well and I want you to continue to shine.

                   Chris

                   --- Original Message ---
                   From: " Frye, Ivy J (DOA)" <ivy.frye@alaska.gov>
                   To: Christopher Clark <cgcalaska@yahoo.com>
                   Sent: Monday, October 29, 2007 2:32:15 PM
                   Subject: RE: You could have done it

                   I hadnllTMt heard they appointed a deputy director. IafTMm sure itAETMs not pubic information yet. And how
                   would you know if I was interested anyway?




                  11/9/2009



                                                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0007472
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                                        Page 6 of 7


                   I dondTMt appreciate you stating the first line as if I had been inquiring with you or anyone else about who the new
                   deputy would be, and I doniTMt appreciate that you infer that you and I have been discussing my interest in the
                   deputy director position . Your email was cleverly written and although I candr 'Mt prove it I will assume you blind
                   copied others.



                   Your comments about Tibbles can only come from John BitneyA"feel free to share that with him too. And, if Mike
                   was your friend and you believed in the Administration you wouldndTMt be passing on rumors you hear. I
                   donaETMt want to hear the rumors because I dondETMt believe them.



                   IAETMve also asked you politely before not to send me emails regarding the governor. I would appreciate if you
                   would honor my request.



                   IdETMm not, as you say, trying to get % rcloser to the govemor.AE u I don*TMt need to try. She knows IaETMd do
                   anything for her.




                   From: Christopher Clark fmailto:cgcalaskavahoo.coml
                   Sent: Monday, October 29, 2007 1:36 PM
                   To: Frye, Ivy J (DOA)
                   Subject: You could have done it



                   Yes, I heard about the new deputy legislative director.

                   Good for Mindy. And condolences to her as well.

                   This is interesting because it proves that Tibbles still has some sway up there. That he's not quite the lame duck
                   some may perceive him to be.

                   It's also interesting because the decision was made during the special session instead of afterwards as expected.

                   There are several good things about Mindy : she knows the legislature, understands the personalities, she HAS a
                   good personality, she knows Tibbles well, and she knows the importance of fiscal notes . She's competent,
                   experienced, dedicated, and used to putting in long hours. And she wasn't happy with recent developments in Senate
                   Finance.

                   For what it's worth ...

                   I think you could have done the job. It would not have been easy . It would have strained the outer limits of
                   diplomacy. But it would have gotten you closer to the governor.

                   I'm disappointed that you weren 't given the chance -- if that was even an option . On the other hand, I would have
                   been mortified if I had encouraged you to take the job , you got it, and it turned out to be a disaster for you -- thus
                   setting you way back rather than moving you way forward . In that regard, I am relieved that you 're still where
                   you're at.

                   You are well off there. Annette and Kevin have much to teach.

                   My recommendation : get a regular session under your belt there. Just like Frank did. And learn, learn, learn. Have



                  11/9/2009



                                                                                                                                             PRA GSPOI 0007473
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                  Page 7 of 7


                   you become more familiar with Excel yet? Here's your chance.

                   Hang in there, mon amie.

                   Fondly,

                   Chris




                  11/9/2009



                                                                                                                     PRA GSP01 0007474
