Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                    Page 1 of 1



                  Unknown

                  From:     PARNELL, S (GOV sponsored ) [/O=SOAIOU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                            GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=SRPARNELLI]
                  Sent:     Saturday, November 03, 2007 11:26 AM
                  To:       Sarah Palin
                  Subject : AML Fairbanks

                Please let me know if there is anything you want me to communicate at AML next week in Fairbanks, given that is
                another familiar crowd to you. Sean




                8/31/2009



                                                                                                                       PRA_GSP01_0007431
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Byers , Gail Y (LAW)
               From :                  Jon Bolling [jbolling @aptalaska.net]
               Sent:                   Saturday, November 03, 2007 5:31 PM
               To:                     Jollie; Tara L (CED)
               Cc:                     Palin; Sarah H (GOV); Kookesh; Albert (LAA); Thomas; Bill (LAA); Smith; Lynne M (GOV);
                                       Commission; Boundary (CED sponsored); Notti; Emil R (CED); Vandor; Marjorie L (LAW);
                                       Bockmon ; Julia B (LAW)
              Subject :                Attached Letter




              Dear Ms .   Jollie,




              Please see attached letter regarding KGB Annexation Petition.



              Jon Bolling

              Craig City Administrator




                                                                    I




                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0007432
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                    'QLAS110%
                      November 3, 2007

                      Via Fax, e-mail, US Mail

                      Ms. Tara Jollie
                      State of Alaska
                      Department of Commerce, Community & Economic Development
                      550 W. 7th Ave, Sute 1770
                      Anchorage, AK 99501-3510

                      Dear Director Jollie:

                      Thank you for your letter dated October 31, 2007. While we appreciate your prompt reply we
                      are disappointed by the tone of your letter and your unwillingness to take all steps necessary to
                      insure that the Local Boundary Commission process is fair to all and comports with the
                      constitutional principles of due process. We are most concerned that your letter raises more
                      questions than answers. The purpose of this letter is to reply to the points raised in your letter, in
                      the order in which they appear.

                     As a starting point, your letter inaccurately states that we submitted a "conflict of interest claim"
                     against Mr. Bockhorst. You are mistaken. Our letter provided a factual background
                     demonstrating "an apparent conflict of interest." We requested a "full investigation" into the
                     "appearance of a direct and serious conflict of interest." Our language was purposeful in
                     avoiding a conflict of interest accusation because we do not know if such a conflict exists;
                     instead we pointed out that one is apparent and merits both recognition by the State of Alaska
                     and an appropriate response. Your response does not acknowledge the appearance, nor provide
                     an appropriate response. Further, we did not accuse Mr. Bockhorst of unethical conduct under
                     the State Ethics Act. The "appearance of improprietary" is a fundamental notion in a democratic
                     society. The citizens of this democracy have a fundamental right to decisions by its courts and
                     quasi-judicial agencies, such as the LBC, that are free from the appearance of impropriety.

                     We requested a "full, open, and thorough" investigation into "an apparent conflict of interest" in
                     this matter. Your letter does not comprise a "full" investigation; it surely does not demonstrate
                     an "open" investigation; and we would describe it as minimal, rather than thorough. We are
                     saddened that this Administration has so little concern for the sixteen communities and twelve
                     school districts who will lose $1,200,000 per year in school funding if the KGB Petition is
                     approved that all it provides in response to our concern is your letter of October 31, 2007. If
                     your letter means the Governor is unwilling to conduct an full, open, and thorough investigation
                     of the circumstances surrounding the complete reversal of DCCED/DCRA's position on the
                     KGB Petition from its position in 1998, reflected in the 117 page Preliminary Report authored by


                     (907) 826-3275  Fax (907)826-3278  www.eraigsk.com  PO Box 725, Craig, Alaska 99921




                                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0007433
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                       Response Letter to Tara Jollle
                       November 3, 2007


                       Mr. Bockhorst, the now Borough Manger for KGB, the people of Prince of Wales have the
                       resolve not to be steamrolled by DCCED and the LBC We will, if necessary, request the court to
                       intervene and insure a fair process consistent with the constitutional principles of due process.

                      Because your letter attempts to place unsubstantiated information into the LBC record by
                      copying your letter to the LBC, we will address the points in your letter and will similarly copy
                      the LBC with our response. Further, as you were well aware, our letter to the Governor was not
                      copied to the LBC. It is not clear whether you provided the LBC with a copy of our October 19,
                      2007 letter to the Governor, along with your response. Accordingly we are attaching a copy of
                      our original letter and your response to become part of the official record.

                      Your letter states that: "I carefully reviewed DCRA records to compare the actions on record
                      with the allegations made in your letter in order to provide you with at thoughtful reply." Please
                      identify what DCRA "records" you reviewed and provide us with a copy of those records. We
                      assume you would agree that if your investigation is supposed to be the "full, open, and
                      thorough" investigation we requested, you will not hesitate to provide us with the records you
                      relied upon in writing your letter.

                      In our letter of October 19, 2007 we summarized for the Governor, DCCED's recommendation
                      against the KGB petition authored by Mr. Bockhorst in 1998. The recommendation against the
                      Petition does not provide any "disclaimer" that it does not reflect Mr. Bockhorst's personal
                      views. We have seen nothing in the record related to the 1998 Petition and the Preliminary and
                      Final reports indicating that Mr. Bockhorst disagreed with the "DCRA policymakers." Please
                      provide us with copies of anything in the record related to the 1998 Petition that demonstrates
                      that Mr. Bockhorst was in favor of the 1998 Petition, but was directed to write the Preliminary
                      Report recommending against the Petition by `DCRA policymakers."

                       We disagree with your statement that "Mr. Bockhorst does not make policy." When the
                      petition to form the Skagway Borough was pending, then-Governor Murkowski held a press
                      conference in Skagway and stated his full support for the Skagway Borough Petition, and stated
                      the administration would help support that Petition through the LBC process. Mr. Bockhorst
                      wrote at least three reports for two different LBC hearings recommending against the formation
                      of the Skagway Borough. He wrote those reports and fought the formation of the Skagway
                      Borough, using the budget and other resources of the DCCED, despite the public policy
                      statement of the Governor. Mr. Bockhorst apparently did not follow the "policymakers," but
                      apparently rather his own personal views, in fighting the people in Skagway. Fortunately, for the
                      people in Skagway, and for the State as a whole, the LBC ultimately approved the formation of
                      the Skagway Borough.

                     The history of staff reports to the LBC demonstrate that those reports have consistently opposed
                     any formation of a borough that would include an "enclave." With regard to the KGB's 1998
                     Annexation Petition, the LBC staffs Preliminary Report similarly recommends against the KGB
                     Petition because it would create the enclave of Hyder. The Preliminary Report on the current
                     Petition reverses that historic DCCED opposition to the formation of enclaves. This supports our
                     concern that there is the appearance of a conflict. It also raises the question as to who changed
                     DCCED's policy regarding enclaves. As a matter of due process, to whom can the residents of



                                                                     2




                                                                                                                        PRA GSP0I_0007434
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                      Response Letter to Tara Jollie
                      November 3, 2007


                      our communities talk to determine who-changed the policy and how that change of policy was
                      communicated to LBC staff for the preparation of the preliminary report? How was the public
                      provided an opportunity to comment on this dramatic change regarding the treatment of enclaves
                      prior to the implementation of the new policy reflected in the preliminary report of June 30,
                      2007? We take no comfort in such an after the fact effort to re-interpret what is clearly a matter
                      of public record in all the prior reports.

                      We are surprised that you cite to a footnote in the Preliminary Report to attempt to distance Mr.
                      Bockhorst from the recommendation in the 1998 report. The idea that "prior administration's
                      policy is noted clearly" in the Preliminary Report by a footnote at page 96 is remarkable. In
                       1998, the DCCED/DCRA, through a report written by Mr. Bockhorst, recommended against the
                      approval of the KGB Petition because the Petition failed to meet the constitutional principles in
                      Article X, Section 1 of the Alaska Constitution because Hyder was excluded. It is also a fact that
                      the Preliminary Report of the DCCED/DCRA on the pending Petition, also authored by Mr.
                      Bockhorst, recommends that the KGB Petition be approved because it satisfies Article X,
                      Section 1 of the Alaska Constitution, even though Hyder is excluded. There is no way to mince
                      words about it--that can only be called a complete reversal of the recommendation.

                      The Constitution is not a matter of "policy" that can be changed by administrations. If Governor
                      Palin directed Mr. Bockhorst to change the constitutional policy reflected in the 1998 Report,
                      then such a dramatic shift of constitutional "policy" would not be buried in a footnote on page
                      96. It would have been fully addressed in the Preliminary and the Final Reports. Please provide
                      us with all documents demonstrating that Governor Palin's administration has directed
                      DCCED/DCRA to change the policy of any prior administration as to the interpretation of
                      Article X, Section 1 of the Alaska Constitution, and directed LBC staff to recommend approval
                      of this Petition based on that change of constitutional interpretation.

                      We are also not comforted by your reliance on a footnote at page 96 of the Report; because, in
                      the way that you rely upon it, the footnote appears to be an after the fact effort by its author to
                      distance himself from the 1998 recommendation. Why would that be important for Mr.
                      Bockhorst to do if he has no personal interest in the KGB Petition? Simply put, the footnote at
                      page 96, and your reliance on it, has no place at all in this process, except because of the
                      appearance of the conflict of interest of Mr. Bockhorst.

                     We have reviewed the Preliminary Report from 1998. There is no language indicating that
                     "DCRA policy makers in the Knowles Administration" "as contrasted [sic] the LBC Staff
                     Component" opposed the 1998 Petition. Why did Mr. Bockhorst find it necessary to insert "as
                     contrasted [sic] the LBC Staff Component" in the footnote on page 96 of the 2007 report?
                     According to you, the staff does not make policy, so it should not matter-now or then-whether
                     Mr. Bockhorst agreed with the policy. As we noted above, he did not make any alleged
                     "disagreement" known in any way in the 1998 Report. What is again important here is the fact
                     that the two recommendations are directly contradictory, and only after the Borough Manager
                     position in KGB became publicly known to be open, did Mr. Bockhorst write the footnote at
                     page 96, which you are now apparently using to tell us Mr. Bockhorst was only doing the
                     bidding of the "policymakers" in recommending against the Petition in 1998. If the 1998
                     Preliminary Report was the work of the DCRA "policymakers," and not Mr. Bockhorst, who are



                                                                        3




                                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0007435
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                      Response Letter to Tara Jolhe
                      November 3, 2007


                      the "policymakers" responsible for the 2007 Preliminary Report and Final Report? Why aren't
                      those "policymakers" acknowledged in the 2007 Reports? Has the LBC been advised of the
                      "policymakers" who allegedly directed the 2007 Reports?

                      Your letter states that we "insinuated" that the "pending KGB annexation proposal differences
                      are attributable to the personal motives of Mr. Bockhorst." Please identify in our letter where we
                      made such an "insinuation." We did not "insinuate" anything. Again, we provided you with
                      simple facts. The decision by the LBC to deny the KGB petition in 1999 was squarely based on
                      its interpretation of the Constitution. If Mr. Bockhorst does not "make policy," as you state, he
                      surely does not make Constitutional law. If it were true that Mr. Bockhorst does not "make
                      policy," he had an obligation to recommend against this Petition because the LBC is required to
                      adhere to its own interpretation and application of the Alaska Constitution, as a quasi judicial
                      body. What were his "personal motives," using your words, for recommending that the LBC
                      reverse its previous interpretation of the Alaska Constitution?

                      Your letter characterizes the differences between the 1998 Petition and the pending Petition as
                      "substantial." You then cite as your reasons for that statement:
                          1) the inclusion of Myers Chuck; and
                          2) the extensively different boundaries for the proposed Hyder enclave.

                          1. The inclusion of Myers Chuck

                     We are confident that the LBC in 1999 would have denied the KGB Petition if it had included
                     Myers Chuck, but not Hyder. There is no other way to logically read that 1999 decision and the
                     LBC's interpretation of the applicable constitutional provisions. Similarly, there is no way to
                     read the Preliminary Report in 1998 such that it would have recommended the approval of the
                     Petition if Myers Chuck had been included. What part of the Constitution has changed since
                     1998 that allows DCCED to now recommend that the LBC approve this petition, using Myers
                     Chuck as the justification, with an area of 3.5 square miles, 14 residents, and essentially no State-
                     provided facilities or services?

                          2. Extensively different boundaries for the proposed enclave of Hyder.

                     The technical and minor boundary change in the current KGB petition does not address the
                     fundamental constitutional basis for the LBC's 1999 decision. The 1999 decision specifically
                     states that the exclusion of Hyder violated the Alaska Constitution. The technical boundary
                     change in this petition does not "satisfy" the constitution, rather it ensures a permanent and
                     unresolveable Hyder enclave-the precise Constitutional reason the LBC denied the 1999
                     petition. The result is the State of Alaska will never be relieved of the responsibility for
                     providing all necessary services to the proposed Hyder enclave. Such a result means that the
                     Petition can not satisfy the statutory best interest of the State standard.

                     We provided a lengthy discussion of these two issues in our comments to the LBC in response to
                     the Preliminary Report. The Final Report prepared by LBC staff failed to address     of the
                     comments submitted by the City of Craig. Why did DCRA choose not to address any of our
                     comments? The purpose of the Final Report is to address the public comments generated by the



                                                                      4




                                                                                                                         PRA_GSP01 _0007436
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                      Response Letter to Tara Jollie
                      November 3, 2007


                      Preliminary Report. Were our comments not worthy of response? Did DCRA decide not to
                      provide any guidance to the LBC in its Final Report? Why doesn't DCRA and the LBC
                      postpone the hearing and direct LBC staff to provide a complete and independent Final Report
                      that addresses the comments and concern of the City of Craig and the Myers Chuck Community
                      Association? Why is it important to DCRA and the LBC to approve this Petition quickly,
                      without a full and fair opportunity to consider the constitutional interpretation issues and due
                      process issues? In light of Mr. Bockhorst now being the KGB Manager, these are fair questions,
                      and remain unanswered by your letter.

                      Your letter attempts to construct a "timeline," which we assume was included to convince us that
                      there is no appearance of a conflict of interest. The continued advocacy by DCRA in support of
                      the KGB Petition continues to taint the process. Are you telling us that the LBC staff assigned
                      to the final report conducted an independent analysis of the KGB Petition, and came to the same
                      recommendations as Mr. Bockhorst, for all the same reasons, and that in doing this independent
                      analysis, the comments from the City of Craig and Myers Chuck Association were not even
                      worthy of response? Do you not see the appearance of the conflict with staff who are
                      subordinate to Mr. Bockhorst doing the Final Report while he is actively seeking the Borough
                      Manager job? Isn't it an appearance of a conflict of interest that DCRA and its employees did
                      not have the independence to be able to make a recommendation contrary to Mr. Bockhorst's
                      preliminary report, because to do so could jeopardize his chance of being named the Borough
                      Manager?

                      We wrote in our comments to the LBC in response to the Preliminary Report:

                             "The LBC has two choices. It can reject the recommendation of the LBC staff, and deny
                             the Petition because that would be the factually and legally correct decision. The denial of
                             the Petition would be consistent with the Constitutional principles the LBC is obligated to
                             uphold and apply. The denial of the Petition will be consistent with the 1999 Decision.

                            The second choice is for the LBC to remove the Preliminary Report from the record and to
                            retain an independent consultant to prepare a report not tainted with the appearance of bias
                            and conflict of interest enveloping this Preliminary Report." (Comments on Behalf of the
                            City of Craig and the Prince of Wales Community Advisory Council, p. 17)

                      Why were these two choices not addressed at all in staff's Final Report? Please explain to us
                      who made the decision not to have an independent person do the Final Report? Why are you
                      continuing to refuse to have an independent person, untainted by the appearance of a conflict of
                      interest, do a Final Report for the LBC? Your timeline offers no explanation for the continued
                      involvement of Mr. Bockhorst's subordinates in the preparation of the Final Report.

                      Going through your timeline, you indicate that Mr. Bockhorst spoke with the "former DCRA
                      Director" about "policy" on March 26, 2007. Please tell us who that was, and provide us a copy
                      of any memorandum, report, or notes related to that "discussion"

                     Your timeline, then, does not include any reference to relevant events until June 28, 2007. We
                     take this as your acknowledgment that the KGB Manager position was publicly reported to be



                                                                       5




                                                                                                                         PRA_GSP01_0007437
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                       Response Letter to Tara Jollie
                       November 3, 2007


                      open before June 30, 2007, consistent with our letter to the Governor and our comments to the
                      LBC. What is also missing is mention of any communications between Mr. Bockhorst and the
                      KGB, specifically the former manager. Were there any? Did you review those communications?
                      Did you review the a-mails between Mr. Bockhorst and KGB personnel or representatives? If
                      you did not, why not? We request copies of all corr espondence and a-mails between Mr.
                      Bockhorst and any KGB employee, Borough Assembly member or other Borough representative
                      for the period between March 26, 2007 and November 7, 2007.

                      At the beginning of your letter, you note that your letter is a "thoughtful reply." We assume then
                      that you were being "thoughtful" when you carefully chose the words that Mr. Bockhorst "first
                      became aware of the recruitment for the position on July 31." When he became aware the
                      position was open and when the Borough published a recruitment bulletin are different events.
                      Whether there is an appearance of a conflict is unrelated to when Mr. Bockhorst "became aware
                      of the recruitment." What were the communications, including e-mails, between LBC staff and
                      KGB representatives, from June, when the Borough Assembly publicly accepted the borough
                      manager's resignation, until August 1, 2007? Did you review those communications? Mr.
                      Bockhorst told the Ketchikan Daily News that he was aware of the vacant manager position
                      during the weekend of July 28, 2007. Why the discrepancy between your "timeline" and the
                      newspaper account?

                      Your timeline refers to a memorandum from Mr. Bockhorst to "the Department Ethics
                      Supervisor" on August 1, 2007. In the interest of fairness and "transparent" government, which
                      Governor Palin has repeatedly stressed in her administration, please provide us a copy of that
                      memorandum and any response from the ethics supervisor.

                     Your timeline fails to note a lengthy conversation Mr. Bockhorst had on July 31, 2007 with a
                     representative of the Myers Chuck Community Association regarding the KGB Petition. Mr.
                     Bockhorst advised the representative that Myers Chuck should make the case that it has at least
                     as good a case as Hyder for being an enclave. By taking this approach, Myers Chuck would not
                     support inclusion in the Wrangell Borough, as originally expressed by Myers Chuck and
                     reflected in the Wrangell Petition. Did he recuse himself before or after this call? Did you
                     review the records of this call? Mr. Bockhorst told the representative that he had a clock on his
                     desk and that he had just given her 34 minutes of technical assistance. Myers Chuck accepted
                     Mr. Bockhorst's "technical assistance" as reflected in its the association's comments to the LBC.
                     Myers Chuck even obtained the agreement of the KGB for that position. As you know, the Final
                     Report prepared by Ms. McPherson dismissed the proposal of Myers Chuck to be an enclave like
                     Hyder as "clearly unsupported by the facts." The absence of any effort at analysis in the Final
                     Report, after this call with Mr. Bockhorst, raises the appearance of a conflict.

                     In your concluding paragraph you state there are "discrepancies between the assertions in ...
                     [our] letter and the facts on record." We have not seen the "record" of which you speak. In an
                     often used cliche, the 1998 Preliminary Report, the 1999 Decision, the 2007 Preliminary Report,
                     and the 2007 Final Report "speak for themselves." The irrefutable facts are that the 2007
                     Preliminary Report advocates for the LBC to interpret the Alaska constitution in a manner
                     diametrically opposite what was advocated by DCCED in the 1998 Preliminary Report, and
                     completely contrary to the decision of the LBC in 1999 on the KGB Petition. It is also a fact that




                                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0007438
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                      Response Letter to Tara Jollie
                      November 3, 2007


                      during this process Mr. Bockhorst applied for and eventually became the KGB Borough
                      Manager. We did not make "assertions." We began by asking the LBC to retain an
                      independent consultant to complete the Final Report. When that was not done, and the Final
                      Report ignored the comments of Craig, and ignored the apparent conflict of interest, we appealed
                      to the Governor because she has expressed a commitment to open government.

                      In addition to your letter, we received a letter from Ms. Bockmon in the Department of Law,
                      stating in essence, that, based on your letter, Mr. Bockhorst did not violate the Ethics Act. We
                      did not "assert" or "insinuate" or "complain" of any Ethical Act violation, so we are not clear
                      why we received this letter from Ms. Bockmon. Why was Ms. Bockmon directed to treat our
                      letter as an Ethics Act complaint?

                      However, since you or someone in the Administration referred our letter to the Department of
                      Law under the Ethics Act, it may be instructive to review the purpose of the Ethics Act in light of
                      your letter.

                      A.S. 39. 52.010 states as the policy of the Act:

                      a) It is declared that
                        (1) high moral and ethical standards among public officers in the executive
                        branch are essential to assure the trust, respect, and confidence of the
                        people of this state;
                        (2) a code of ethics for the guidance of public officers will
                         (A) discourage those officers from acting upon personal or financial
                         interests in the performance of their public responsibilities;
                         (B) improve standards of public service; and
                          (C) promote and strengthen the faith and confidence of the people of this
                         state in their public officers;
                        (3) holding public office or employment is a public trust and that as one
                        safeguard of that trust, the people require public officers to adhere to a
                        code of ethics;
                        (4) a fair and open government requires that executive branch public
                        officers conduct the public's business in a manner that preserves the
                        integrity of the governmental process and avoids conflicts of interest...

                     Do you mean to tell us by your letter that the people of this State should ' have a high degree of
                     "trust, respect, and confidence" in DCCED that it has acted fairly, openly, and in the best
                     interests of the people of this State with regard to the KGB Petition? Do you mean to tell us that
                     LBC staff's actions, and the refusal of DCRA to retain an independent consultant, and your letter
                     refusing to conduct an investigation of the appearance of a conflict of interest "promotes and
                     strengthens the faith and confidence of the people of this state in their public officers ?" Do you
                     mean to tell us that LBC staff conduct, and that of DCRA, is evidence of a "fair and open
                     government?" Do you mean to tell us that Mr. Bockhorst and DCRA have approached the KGB
                     Petition in a manner that "preserves the integrity of the governmental process and avoid conflict
                     of interest?" If so, we would agree and urge the Department and the LBC to review the current
                     KGB Annexation Petition process to date in that light



                                                                         7




                                                                                                                         PRA GSP01_0007439
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                      Response Letter to Tara 7ollie
                      November 3, 2007




                      We will continue our pursuit of what is right. In a democracy, an open and fair process is
                      fundamental to the trust and confidence of the people. There is no place for even the appearance
                      of a conflict of interest. When an appearance of a conflict of interest arises, the government has
                      an obligation to restore the trust and confidence of the people by taking steps to avoid the
                      appearance of a conflict of interest.

                      If the LBC adopts Mr. Bockhorst's recommendation, and no independent report is prepared for
                      the LBC, which addresses the comments of Craig, Myers Chuck, and the many others who
                      submitted comments to the Preliminary Report, the people in the unorganized borough in
                      Southeast Alaska will have been denied due process.

                      In light of the significance to the affected communities and school districts in the unorganized
                      borough, and given the fact that you provided a copy of your October 31, 2007, letter to the
                      LBC, we specifically request the following information, pursuant to AS 40.25.110:
                                   1. All drafts of your October 31, 2007 letter, identifying all current and former LBC
                                       staff, who participated or reviewed any of those drafts.
                                   2. All communications, including all a-mails between yourself and any other state
                                       employee, with Mr. Bockhorst between October 19, 2007 and October 31, 2007.
                                   3. All DCCED records you reviewed.
                                   4. All records showing that LBC staff was in favor of the KGB 1998 annexation
                                      petition.
                                   5. All records from "DCRA policymakers" directing LBC staff to write the
                                      preliminary report in 1998 recommending that the LBC deny the KGB annexation
                                      petition.
                                  6. All records from any current "DCRA policymakers" to LBC staff regarding the
                                      preparation of the Final Report on the current KGB annexation petition.
                                  7. All communications, including e-mails, from all current or former LBC staff
                                      persons with Ms. McPherron or any other staff member assigned to prepare the
                                      Final Report.
                                  8. Any memorandum, reports, notes, and e-mails. related to the discussion on March
                                      26, 2007 between Mr. Bockhorst and the "former DCRA director".
                                  9. The memorandum from Mr. Bockhorst to the department Ethics Supervisor of
                                      August 1, 2007, and the department supervisor 's response; and any other
                                      communication with the department's ethics supervisor.
                                   10. Any notes, reports, memoranda, and e-mail by Mr. Bockhorst related to his July
                                       31, 2007 conversation with representatives of the Meyers Chuck Community
                                      Association.
                                   11. All communications, including e-mails, between any KGB employee, assembly
                                       member, or representative between March 26, 2007 and November 7, 2007.
                                   12. The file, including notes and all e-mails, from LBC staff members, from the 1998
                                       and 2007 KGB annexation petitions.

                     In addition to providing us copies the above records, we request that all the above documents be
                     made a part of the official record of the pending KGB annexation petition.




                                                                       8




                                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0007440
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                      Response Letter to Tara Jollie
                      November 3, 2007


                      There is still time for DCRA and the LBC to do the right thing and either deny the KGB Petition,
                      or postpone the hearing until an independent report is prepared . If not, we are prepared seek the
                      assistance of the Court.

                      Sincerely,




                      Jon Boiling
                      City Administrator

                      Attachments

                      Cc w/attachments :          Governor Palin
                                                  Lynne Smith
                                                  Local Boundary Commission
                                                  Emil Notti
                                                  Mark Davis
                                                  Marjorie Vandor
                                                  Julia Bockmon
                                                  Senator Kookesh
                                                  Representative Thomas
                                                  Carol Brown
                                                  Millie Stevens
                                                  Jim Van Altvorst, Van Altvorst & Associates
                                                  Robert P. Blasco, Robertson, Monagle & Eastaugh
                                                  Prince of Wales Community Advisory Council




                                                                          9




                                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0007441
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                              CRAIG COMMUNITY ASSOCIATION

                      October 19, 2007



                      Governor Sarah Palin
                      PO Box 110001
                      Juneau, AK 99811-0001

                      Re: Conflict of Interest of Dan Bockhorst Regarding Ketchikan Gateway Borough Annexation
                      Petition

                      Dear Governor Palin:

                      We write you with the utmost concern for the appearance of impropriety that pervades the Local
                      Boundary Commission process related to the Ketchikan Gateway Borough Annexation Petition.
                      We write you because we sincerely believe that the people of this State, and in particular the
                      small communities and school districts of Southeast Alaska, are being denied due process and
                      fair treatment directly resulting from an apparent conflict of interest involving Mr. Dan
                      Bockhorst.

                     Mr. Bockhorst is the senior local government specialist in your administration assigned as the
                     staff to the Local Boundary Commission. On June 30, 2007, Mr. Bockhorst completed a 117
                     page Preliminary Report recommending that the LBC approve the KGB Annexation Petition.
                     Shortly. after completing his report, Mr. Bockhorst applied for the vacant KGB Borough
                     Manager position. On October 13, 2007, KGB hired Mr. Bockhorst as its new Borough Manager
                     under a five-year contract, effective November 1, 2007. He will start with a salary of $110,000,
                     going up to $121,000 in two years.

                     We have attached the response of the City of Craig to the Preliminary Report of Mr. Bockhorst.
                     The importance of a conflict of interest is easily demonstrated. On April 16, 1999, the Local
                     Boundary Commission denied the Annexation Proposal of the Ketchikan Gateway Borough
                     because "the proposal fails to serve all the relevant principles established in the Constitution of
                     the State of Alaska." (Statement of Decision, 1999, p. 14) The reason the Petition violated the
                     Alaska Constitution was because the Petition sought to annex a large area of uninhabited land,
                     while not annexing the only community in that area-Hyder. The reason for annexing the
                     uninhabited land in 1999 was to obtain a significant increase in forest receipts from the federal
                     government. By excluding Hyder, KGB would obtain the forest receipts and not have to provide
                     any services to anyone actually living in the area being annexed.



                     (907) 826-3275  Fax (907)826-3278  www.craigak.com  PO Box 725, Craig, Alaska 99921




                                                                                                                     PRA_GSP01_0007442
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                     Mr. Bockhorst prepared the Preliminary Report in 1998 recommending that the LBC reject the
                     KGB petition because it excluded Hyder, and he specifically pointed out the unfairness of KGB
                     obtaining a significant increase in forest receipts without having to provide any services. The
                     unfairness directly impacts the City of Craig, sixteen communities , and twelve school districts in
                     the unorganized borough in Southeast Alaska, who stand to lose a combined $1.2 million each
                     year if the annexation is approved . To the extent that KGB can annex land currently in the
                     unorganized borough, the current forest receipts of the communities and school districts in the
                     unorganized borough will be reduced dramatically in proportion to the land annexed by KGB.
                     Mr. Bockhorst also stated in his 1998 recommendation to reject the Petition that the annexation
                     without Hyder would violate the Alaska Constitution.

                     KGB submitted the pending Petition in 2006. As it did in 1998, this Petition excludes Hyder. If
                     the Petition is approved by the LBC, KGB will receive an additional $ 1,200,000 in forest
                     receipts per year.

                     After KGB announced the vacancy of its Borough Manager position , Mr. Bockhorst submitted
                     his report to the LBC completely reversing his recommendation of 1998 . Although nothing had
                     changed, he now stated to the LBC that the Constitutional had sufficient "flexibility" to allow
                     KGB to annex the uninhabited land and exclude Hyder . Shortly after submitting that report, he
                     applied for the KGB Borough Manager position.

                     The LBC scheduled the public hearing on the KGB Annexation Petition for November 6, 2007,
                     and scheduled the decisional meeting on that Petition for November 7, 2007. We respectfully
                     request that you immediately:

                        1. Direct the LBC to cancel the public hearing until the Attorney General can conduct a full
                           investigation into the apparent conflict of interest;
                        2. Direct the Attorney General to conduct a full, thorough , and open investigation of the
                           conflict of interest.

                    You have repeatedly stated that your administration is "transparent" and you have repeatedly
                    stated that your administration will not tolerate. any appearances of impropriety or conflicts of
                    interest. We have to trust that you will recognize the seriousness of this situation and honor your
                    commitment to the people of the State . This is especially true .when you consider that the final
                    report on the proposed annexation does not address the concerns we raised about the preliminary
                    report.

                    We truly cannot believe that you will allow the LBC to go forward on this Petition without
                    conducting a full investigation into these circumstances. We request that you consider the




                                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0007443
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                      devastating impact on the school children in the unorganized borough of the loss of $1,200,000
                      per year in school funding, which cannot be allowed constitutionally or under the unquestionable
                      appearance of a direct and serious conflict of interest.

                      We look forward to your prompt action and response in light of the pending LBC hearing on
                      November 6, 2007.




                                                                 Millie Stevens
                                                                 Tribal President, Craig Community Assn.




                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0007444
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                  2007-Nov-01 08:43 AM Alaska Office of the Governor 907-269-7461                                                    2/4




                                                 STATE OP ALASKA
                                                 DEPARTMENT OP
                                                     COMMERCE                                                 S,nk Pak Ga&w'.r
                                                                                                            &r2Nom CMZW *h-
                                                 EC^ONMO C D VELOPMENT
                                                                                                                Tam1aJ Ada'
                                                 Divlaim dCom . ty & Begin aJ AWn


                             October 31, 2007

                             Mr. Jon Boiling, City Administrator
                             City of Craig
                             P.O. Box 725
                             Craig, Alaska 99921

                             Dear Mr. Bolling:

                             As Director of the Division of Community and Regional Affairs (DCRA) which provides
                             staff support for the Local Boundary Commission, I was asked to respond to your letter
                             of October 19, 2007. This letter alleges a conflict of interest on the part of Dan
                             Bockhorst, DCRA lead state staff to the Local Boundary Commission. Your letter claims
                             Mr. Bockhorst's role in the pending Ketchikan Gateway Borough (KGB) annexation
                             proceedings, past and present and his recent appointment as KGB Manager offered to
                             him October 13.2007, substantiate your conflict of interest claim against him.

                            Your letter also asks that the Governor direct the Attorney General to investigate this
                            conflict of Interest claim , as well as direct the Local Boundary Commission to cancel its
                            November 6, 2007, public hearing on the Ketchikan annexation proposal until the
                            Attorney General's Investigation Is complete.

                            I carefully reviewed DCRA records to compare the actions on record with allegations
                            made in your letter in order to provide you with a thoughtful reply. I also wanted to
                            determine if DCRA had anything in our records that supports the statements In your
                            letter and/or supports your request for an official investigation and cancellation of the
                            Ketchikan annexation proposal public hearings scheduled for November 8, 2007.

                            Your letter asserts that (1) after KGB announced the vacancy of its Borough Manager
                            position, Mr. Bockhorst submitted his report to the LBC completely reversing his
                            recommendation of 1998. You also claim that (2) although nothing had changed, Mr.
                            Bockhorst now stated to the LBC that the Constitution had sufficient fie dblllty to allow
                            KGB to annex the uninhabited land and exclude Hyder. You further claim that (3)
                            shortly after submitting that report', he applied for the KGB Borough Manager position.
                            These statements are not based on facts . DCRA records dearly show the following:




                                                 550 W. 7th Avemu, Suite 177% Aaebota5e, ALsln 99501-3510
                                          ek
                                           que aam        era miwlr.Vab b btgx// .wtnmesoe.suxak.=/dce/
                                                                        da




                                                                                                                                 PRA GSP01_0007445
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                  2007 - Nov-01 08:43 AM Alaska Office of the Governor 907.269.7461                                            3/4




                              Regarding assertions (1) and (2) which discuss a recommendation in the 1998 proposal
                              that is different in the current proposal, and your assertion that Mr. Bockhorst
                              completely reversed his 1998 recommendation to the LBC. These assertions are not
                              true. It is important to note that the 1998 recommendation reflected the policy direction
                              of a prior administration. Staff, including Mr. Bockhorst, does not set policy.
                              The prior administration's policy is noted clearly in the DCCED Prellminary Report to the
                              Local Boundary Commission Regarding the Petition forAnnexatlon of Approximately
                              4,701 Square Miles to the Ketchikan Gateway Borough, June 30, 2007, p. 96, n. 67.

                                    'DCRA policy makers in the Knowles Administration (i.e., the office of the
                                    Commissioner and the Director, as contrasted to the LBC Staff
                                    Component), opposed the prior KGB annexation proposal. Reflecting the
                                    views of the DCRA policy maker's, DCRA's preliminary report stated the
                                    following with respect to the standard at issue here;

                                    in the view of DCRA policy makers, significant adverse financial
                                    Impacts on communities in the unorganized borough are a more
                                    important consideration than the constitutional principles in this
                                    particular Instance."

                             Furthermore, contrary to your Insinuation that the pending KGB annexation proposal
                             differences are attributable to the personal motives of Mr. Bockhorst, the pending
                             proposal is significantly different from the 1998 annexation proposal for substantial
                             reasons including the following:

                            Among the Important differences Is the Inclusion of Meyer's Chuck and extensively
                            different boundaries for the proposed Hyder enclave. Those different boundaries for the
      i                     Ryder enclave address particular concerns expressed by the Local Boundary
                            Commission In its 1999 decision. Further, Exhibit K of the current Petition provides a
                            thorough discussion by the Petitioner of justification for postponing the annexation of
                            Hyder and the future circumstances which may lead to Its Inclusion in the Ketchikan
                            Borough.

                            Regarding assertion (3) that shortly after completing the preliminary 2007 report, Mr.
                            Bockhorst applied for the KGB Borough Manager position , our records clearly shows
                            this timeline of events:
                            March 28, 2007; Mr. Bockhorst began his analysis of the Ketchikan annexation
                            proposal at which point he discussed policy aspects of the proposal with the former
                            DORA Director.

                            June 28, 2007: Mr. Bockhorst's work on the 2007 preliminary report was complete and
                            forwarded to the DCRA publications technician for formatting and publication.
                            July 29, 2007: just over one month after Mr. Bockhorst completed his work on the
                            annexation proposal for the Department's 2007 preliminary report the Ketchikan
                            Gateway Borough first announced that it was recruiting for a Borough Manager.




                                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0007446
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 2007-Nov-01 08:44 AM Alaska Office of the Governor 907.269.7461                                                4/4




                             August 1, 2007: In accordance with the Executive Branch Ethics Act, Mr. Bockhorst
                             wrote a memorandum to the Departments Ethics Supervisor disclosing that he had an
                             interest in applying for the Ketchikan Borough Manager position . Mr. Bockhorst stated
                             In this memorandum that he first became aware of the recruitment for the position on
                             July 31. In that memorandum , he recused himself with respect to any and all future
                             dealings regarding the Ketchikan annexation proposal. Mr. Bockhonsts work regarding
                             the Ketchikan annexation proceeding was immediately reassigned to Ms . Jeanne
                             McPherren.

                             October 15, 2007: Ms. McPherren , not Mr. Bockhorst, independently prepared the
                             2007 final report regarding the Ketchikan annexation proposal.

                             To conclude, given the discrepancies between the assertions In your letter and the facts
                             on record , I find no basis to support or recommend that the Local Boundary
                             Commission cancel or postpone its upcoming hearing . Furthermore, I find no reason to
                             support your request for an official investigation Into a conflict of interest claim against
                             Mr. Dan Bockhorst

                             If you have any questions regarding this letter, I can be reached directly at 907-269-
                             7959.


                                                                Sincerely,




                                                                Tara Joille, Director



                            cc: Governor Sarah Palin
                               Lynne Smith, Special Assistant to Governor Palin
                               Local Boundary Commission
                               Emil Notti, Commissioner, DCCED
                               Mark Davis, Ethics Supervisor, DCCED
                               Maqorle Vendor, Assistant Attorney General, Alaska Department of Law




                                                                                                                       3




                                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0007447
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                  Re: AML Fairbanks                                                                                           Page 1 of 1


                  Unknown

                  From :    PARNELL, S (GOV sponsored) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                            GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=SRPARNELL1]
                  Sent:      Sunday, November 04, 2007 10:40 AM
                  To:       Sarah Palin
                 Subject: RE: AML Fairbanks
                 Thank you! Will do.


                 From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]
                 Sent: Sun 11/4/2007 7:35 AM
                 To: PARNELL, S (GOV sponsored); Leschper, Beth (GOV); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)
                 Cc: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)
                 Subject: Re: AML Fairbanks

               Privileged or Personal Material Redacted

                 ------Original Message-----
                 From: PARNELL, S (GOV sponsored)
                 To: Governor Sarah Palin
                 Sent: Nov 3, 2007 11:26 AM
                 Subject: AML Fairbanks

                 Please let me know if there is anything you want me to communicate at AML next week in Fairbanks, given that is
                 another familiar crowd to you. Sean

                 Sent from my BlackBerry device from Cellular One




                 11/9/2009



                                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0007448
