Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                 Page 1 of 7


                Unknown

                 From:     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
                Sent:      Tuesday, November 06, 2007 10:39 AM
                To:        Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                Subject : FW: WICHE Mental Health Report November 2007



                From : Candice Tate [mailto:ctate@wiche.edu]
                Sent: Monday, November 05, 2007 3:12 PM
                To: Palin, Sarah H (GOV)
                Subject: WICHE Mental Health Report November 2007



                WICHE Mental Health Report
                Trouble viewing this report? Go to WICHE Mental Health Newsletter November2007

                WICHE Mental Health Report
                November 05, 2007
                Volume 1 , Number 10

                RECENT ISSUES: February 2007. March 2007. April 2007. May 2007. June 2007. July
                2007. August 2007. September 2007. October 2007

                In this Issue:
                       InFocus : Workforce
                       FYI
                       Selected Highlights of Recent Staff Activities
                       Job Opportunities


                InFocus: Workforce
                The Aril issue presented an overview of the three major barriers to effective mental health care
                in rural America, Availability, Accessibility, and Acceptability. These three barriers were
                described in detail in our June, August, and September issues. Here we revisit the four major
                components of workforce and will describe each of them in detail in the next few issues. While
                the information is initially redundant from the Availability issue, we re-present it here to orient
                the reader on workforce components in order to examine them in depth.

                Ideally, an adequate workforce has the right number of experienced and skilled people in the
                right jobs at the right time to meet the present needs of the population. Establishing and
                sustaining an effective mental health workforce involves several components: A profile of
                present population and demographics; An estimation of the prevalence of mental illness; An



                 11/9/2009



                                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0007546
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                     Page 2 of 7


                analysis of the professional occupations available to serve the community; A picture of the higher
                education programs designed to supply well-trained professionals.

                 ;X; Workforce Components : Population, MH Prevalence, Occupations , and Higher Education




                Prevalence rates are based on epidemiological studies of populations, while the number and location of
                professionals is based on the interplay of education and occupation trends. Both are estimates and are
                constantly shifting in response to a large number of variables. Each of these four components
                interrelates, and changes to one component affect the others. For instance, large and rapid increases in
                population can translate into greater numbers of people with behavioral health problems. However, it
                can also mean increased numbers of people available to enter the behavioral health field as clinicians.
                Thus, it is important to study previous trends to project future courses. More importantly, these
                projections allow decision-makers to identify potential avenues of growth, as well as barriers and- means
                of overcoming them.

                Population

                The first aspect of workforce, population, can be analyzed from a number of different perspectives: For
                example, Hawaii has an estimated 2006 population of 1,285,498. With a land area of 6,422.62 square
                miles, Hawai'i has an overall average of 188.6 persons per square mile. This average suggests that
                Hawai'i is an urban state . However, due to the unique geographical structure of the state, one island is
                urban, while the remainder are classified as rural . The Hawaii Office of Rural Health uses the Research
                Service Rural-Urban Commuting Areas (RUCA) to determine the urban areas of the state, shown in
                purple in the picture below. Given the geographic spread of the population, most of Hawai' i is rural.




                11/9/2009



                                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0007547
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                Page 3 of 7


                 X Hawai'i RUCA




               Geographic barriers can isolate communities in almost any state . In order to access treatment in.Hawai'i,
               it must be available on the island of residence or else a consumer will need to fly to another island to
               receive face to face services . This is an area where telehealth can prove invaluable to reduce
               transportation costs and time-consuming travel . In Alaska, many villages are isolated from larger urban
               areas due to lack of roads . In other states , mountains , large bodies of water, poor roads, and severe
               weather can isolate communities that would otherwise be considered adjacent to urban centers.
               Consequently, when examining the population density of a state, it is important to examine the
               functional distance between communities to determine the accessibility of the mental health workforce.

               Thus far, we have examined population as if it were a static phenomenon . It is important to examine
               population trends to gauge the future of both the prevalence of behavioral health disorders and to
               determine the weak areas of the occupational future . The US Census publishes population projections
               for the nation out to the year 2050 and for individual states out to 2030. This allows future determination
               of potential gaps between the unmet needs of the population and the available workforce . In the next
               issue we will look at the calculation of the prevalence of behavioral health disorders based on the
               present and projected population numbers.

               uTOP OF PAGE




                11/9/2009



                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0007548
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                Page 4 of 7




                Selected Highlights of Recent Staff Activities
                 X Christa Smith




                Christa Smith, Ph.D.

                The WICHE Mental Health Program is pleased to welcome Christa Smith, Ph.D. as our new
                postdoctoral fellow through the University of Colorado, Health Sciences Center. Christsa started our
                program in October and will be with us as a fellow for a full year. Christa's current projects with
                WICHE focus primarily on integrated mental health care, mental health system improvements, and
                healthcare workforce development.

                Christa attended the University of Denver, Graduate School of Professional Psychology where she
                studied health psychology. She has worked for the past five years in numerous medical settings
                educating and collaborating with physicians and other medical staff and providing psychotherapy for
                people with a wide range of medical issues. Her focus was the integration of mental health into medical
                health care settings with the understanding that there is no such thing as health without mental health,
                nor health without well-being. Her special interests include the study of well-being and happiness,
                mindfulness meditation, and stress management. She received her doctorate in August of 2007.

                Christa grew up in Minnesota and moved to Colorado with her husband for their graduate educations.
                She plans to stay in Colorado for its superior weather and access to hiking. She has been an athlete all of
                her life, starting with gymnastics'when she was six and moving on to diving in high school and college.
                She has always loved to be the woods and loves to hike and backpack, especially in the Utah dessert.
                Her other love is food, cooking, eating, reading about food, talking about food, etc., which happens to go
                well with her love of exercise! Christa can be reached via email at csmith a@wiche.edu.




                FYI...
                Colorado - House Joint Resolution 1050:

                In 2007, the Colorado Legislature passed House Resolution 07-1050 to create a Task Force for the study
                of behavioral health funding and treatment. The Task Force is charged with studying mental health and
                substance abuse services in order to coordinate the efforts of state agencies and streamline the services
                provided and to maximize federal and other funding sources.

                Representative Anne McGihon is the Chairperson and Senator Betty Boyd and Senator Bob Hagedorn
                are the Vice-Chairpersons of the Task Force. Task Force members include a representative of the
                Governor's Office, three members of the Colorado House of Representatives and three members of the


                11/9/2009



                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0007549
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                 Page 5 of 7


                Senate members, and representatives from key departments of state government. These departments are:
                Human Services; Health Care Policy and Financing; Public Health and Environment; Corrections;
                Public Safety; Education; and Law. In addition, the Task Force has created three subcommittees to assist
                it in meeting its charge. They are: Program; Budget and Funding; and Streamline and Coordinate
                Services.

                A final report will be presented to the Health and Human Services Committees of the Senate and House
                of Representatives by January 31, 2008, regarding any findings and legislative recommendations. CSI
                (Center for Systems Integration) in partnership with NPM Consulting has been selected as the consultant
                team to assist the task force in conducting its duties including research and report preparation. CSI is
                also partnering with Western Interstate Commission for Higher Education (WICHE) on the national
                research component of the project. Speakers from across the country including several WICHE states
                have agreed to present to the Task Force to share their experiences and lessons learned.

                If you would like further information please go to the Task Force's website.

                uTOP OF PAGE



                                                       Webcast: Earn Free CMEs!
                 This is a free training that uses internet - based distance learning technology . You can attend from
                                                          your home or office!

                                    Bipolar Disorder : Considerations for Rural Primary Care Providers
                                                        Wednesday, December 5, 2007
                                                 12:00pm - 1:30pm Mountain Standard Time
                                                  (1 lam Pacific, Ipm Central, 2pm Eastern)

                    Michael Allen




                Dr. Michael H. Allen, MD
                Associate Professor of Psychiatry
                Director Emergency and Consultation Psychiatry
                Co-Director, Mood Disorders Program
                University of Colorado Health Sciences Center
                Denver, Colorado

                This presentation featuring a national expert on bipolar disorder will cover the identification, treatment,



                11/9/2009



                                                                                                                   PRA GSP0I_0007550
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                 Page 6 of 7


                and associated pharmacological implications related to this diagnosis in the primary care setting. While
                this presentation will not focus exclusively on providers in rural settings, the information will be useful
                to those practicing in more isolated settings and those communities with limited access to behavioral
                health resources.

                Registration : No need to pre-register. Details will be provided in the December Newsletter.

                Questions : Contact Mimi McFaul, Psy.D. via email (mmcfaul@wiche.edu) or by telephone at 303-541-
                0288.

                You will be asked to complete a brief post-training survey in order to be eligible for free CME credits.

                Funded by the Office of Rural Health Policy (ORHP)/Human Resources and Services Administration
                (HRSA)

                Dr. Allen attended Florida State University, received his medical degree from the Medical University of
                South Carolina and trained in psychiatry at the Institute of Living where he served as Chief Resident. He
                went on to serve on the faculty of Cornell and later NYU. While at NYU, he developed the model
                Comprehensive Psychiatric Emergency Program at Bellevue Hospital, mentioned in New York
                Magazine's "Best Hospitals in New York." Currently he is director of the psychiatric emergency and
                consultation services and is co-director of the Mood Disorders Program at the University of Colorado.
                He is a principal investigator in the NIMH Systematic Treatment Enhancement Program for Bipolar
                Disorder and other studies in schizophrenia and bipolar disorder; he has served as a research trainer
                internationally and recently received a NARSAD Independent Investigator award. He has served as
                president of the American Association for Emergency Psychiatry, chair of the APA Task Force on
                Psychiatric Emergency Services, panelist for the Expert Consensus Guideline for Bipolar Disorder and
                the Colorado Clinical Guidelines Collaborative Depression Program, lead expert for the -Expert
                Consensus Guideline for the Management of Behavioral Emergencies, member of the American College
                of Emergency Physicians clinical policy committee and reviewer for the Cochrane Collaborative. He is
                the author or editor of three books and associate editor of General Hospital Psychiatry. He is board
                certified in psychiatry with added qualifications in addictions.




                Job Opportunities
                Recent Job Announcements Webuage

                On this page you will find recent job announcements pertaining to either the WICHE West or to rural
                mental health areas.



                WICHE MH Personnel

                Dennis Mohatt, MA, Mental Health Program Director
                Mimi McFaul, Psy.D., Associate Director
                Chuck McGee, MA, Project Director
                Scott Adams, Psy.D., Senior Research Associate


                11/9/2009



                                                                                                                   PRA_GSP01_0007551
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                  Page 7 of 7


                Candice Tate, Ph.D., Research Associate
                Fran Dong, Statistical Analyst
                Jenny Shaw, Administrative & Project Coordinator

                Tell Us How the WICHE Mental Health Program Has Impacted You

                The Western Interstate Commission for Higher Education is seeking your comments on how our
                services have affected mental health services in rural communities. Please send an e-mail telling how
                WICHE has influenced you to Candice Tate. We would also love to hear your nominations for
                promising rural practices. Feel free to also contact us with requests for state-specific rural assistance or
                to just ask us a question about our experience with rural mental issues and public policy.

                Subscriber Services

                To subscribe or unsubscribe to the WICHE Newsletter send an e-mail to Editor Candice Tate

                OTOP OF PAGE




                 11/9/2009



                                                                                                                     PRA_GSP01_0007552
