Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From :                  gov.sarah ©yahoo.com
              Sent:                   Monday, November 05, 2007 5:43 AM
              To:                     Galvin; Patrick S (DOR); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Balash ; Joseph R (GOV); Kelly; Russell T
                                      (GOV)
              Cc:                     Irwin; Tom E (DNR); Rutherford; Marty K (DNR); PARNELL; S (GOV sponsored)
              Subject:                Fw: Juneau Empire


             Your patience and tenacity WILL lead to the right thing being done here for Alaska, you
             guys. Thanks for your amazingly great efforts in front of the committee, Pat... and all
             efforts all the way around on this.

             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular one



              -----Original Message-----

             From: Todd Palin <fek9wnr@yahoo.com>



             Date: Mon, 5 Nov 2007 06:36:10

             To:Sarah Palin <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

             Subject: Juneau Empire




             Resources Committee approves higher surtax

             By R.A. Dillon

             For the News-Miner

             Published November 5, 2007




             JUNEAU - The House Resources Committee approved a new

             version of Gov. Sarah Palin's oil tax bill Sunday

             night that substantially increased the amount of

             revenue producers would owe the state at today's high

             oil prices.




             Under an amendment proposed by Rep. Paul Seaton,

             R-Homer, the state would reap about $2.4 billion at

             current prices from the progressive surtax provision


                                                                    1




                                                                                                                    PRA GSPOI_0007497
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             alone . The change would nearly double the $1.3 billion

             earned by the surtax in the governor ' s original plan.



             In exchange for the higher surtax rate, the committee

             left out the 10 percent gross tax on production at the

             state's legacy fields sought by the Palin

             administration, Seaton said.



             "That' s the trade off," he said.



             The surtax - often referred to as a " windfall profits


             tax" or " progressivity " - is designed to capture a

             greater percentage of oil company profits when prices

             skyrocket .   The surtax under the existing petroleum

             production tax captures about $1 .1 billion at current

             prices.




             The. price of West Texas Intermediate crude oil closed

             Friday on the New York Mercantile Exchange at $95.93 a

             barrel.



             The panel also lifted the base tax rate to 25 percent

             of a company's net profits in Alaska, up from 22.5

             passed by the House oil and Gas Committee. Taken

             together, the latest version of the bill, at oil

             prices of $80 a barrel, would capture about $1.4

             billion more in fiscal year than the existing tax

             system.



             As passed , the committee substitute would raise nearly

             $4 billion when oil prices reached $80 a barrel.



             The surtax proposal would add 2 percentage points to


                                                             2
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              the base tax rate once the net price of producing a

             barrel of North Slope crude topped $30 - about $53 a

             barrel on the West Coast market. The escalator would

             increase a percentage point for every $10 the net

             price of oil climbed above $30 a barrel.



             The surtax would top out once the state's combined tax

             rate reached 50 percent, which Seaton estimates would

             be at oil prices of $116 a barrel.



             While the trigger for the surtax would be based on the

             net price of oil, the surtax itself would be

             calculated based on the gross value of production at

             the wellhead. The switch means producers could not

             deduct the cost of production from the surtax portion

             of their tax bills.



             The committee substitute that Resources passed out

             late Sunday night after a two-day marathon mark-up

             reversed several additional changes to the original

             legislation made by the previous House panel.



             Democrats on the nine-member panel were able to put

             their stamp on the bill with help from Seaton and

             fellow Republican, Resources ' co-chair Carl Gatto of

             Wasilla.



             Fairbanks Democrat David Guttenberg also carried

             several amendments for the administration.



             Critics of the changes said lawmakers fail to grasp

             the effects of many of the changes they're making to

             the original bill. The industry has warned that


                                                            3
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             altering the tax system for the second time in as many

             years could harm investment on the North Slope at

             times of declining oil production.



             An attempt by Resources ' co-chair Craig Johnson,

             R-Anchorage , on Saturday to gut the fiscal provisions

             of the bill was defeated.



             "If we're open to business , then our sign isn't

             plugged in," Johnson said. "It's my personal belief

             that we've already stepped over the line."



             The legislation now moves to the Finance Committe,

             where many of the gains won by Democrats over the past

             two days are likely to be reversed.



             Finance Committee co-chairs Mike Chenault , R-Kenai,

             and Kevin Meyer, R -Anchorage , could simply set aside

             Resources ' version and pick up the bill as passed by

             the oil and Gas Committee . No decision has yet been

             made on how to proceed, Chenault said Sunday night.



             "It may take a week just to find out what all the

             changes they made in Resources do," he said.



             Chenault expects the final bill will include some sort

            of tax hike. However, he said he'd prefer to see an

             increase to the surtax rather than the base tax rate.



            Among the changes to the bill approved by Resources:



            An amendment allowing the state to determine the cost

            of sending oil down the trans-Alaska pipeline for the

            purpose of calculating a company's eligible deduction.
                                                            4
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Producers can currently deduct the full pipeline

             tariff rate filed with federal regulators, an amount

             the state claims is inflated. The administration says

             the change is worth an estimated $160 million a year.



             Added language limiting eligible deductions to

             investments made in Alaska only.



             A provision that would allow the Alaska Retirement

             Management board to purchase tax credits from.

             companies for 92 cents on the dollar. The credits

             could then be sold to the state for 100 percent of

             their value with the profit being applied to the state

             employees' retirement fund deficit.



             Reinstated disclosure requirements and penalties asked

             for in the administration's original bill.



             Increased the exploration credit for new wells to 30

             percent and 40 percent based on the distance from

             existing wells and infrastructure.



             Contact Washington correspondent R.A. Dillon at

             dcnews®newsminer.com.




             Do You Yahoo!?

             Tired of spam? Yahoo! Mail has the best spam protection around

            http://mail.yahoo.com




                                                           5
