Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                             Page 1 of 1



                  Unknown

                  From:       Lloyd , Denby S (DFG) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                              GROUP/CN=RECI PIENTSICN=DSLLOYD]
                  Sent:       Monday, November 05, 2007 6:23 PM
                  To:        'Dwight Kramer
                  Cc:        Wagoner; Tom (LAA); Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored); ' John Hilsinger'; Swanton; Charles 0
                             (DFG); Marcotte ; Jim R (DFG)
                  Subject: RE: KAFC 08 UCI BOF Process Letter

                Dwight:

                I appreciate your comments regarding BOF process; many of your suggestions warrant consideration.

                I do need to correct a misapprehension of yours however . Your letter indicates that I, and a couple division directors,
                promised that "the reports [from the department to the Board of Fisheries] would be completed by Dec. 1, 2007 and at
                the latest 30 days prior to the BOF meeting " and that you've now been informed that they will not be available prior to
                mid-January.

               Actually, my commitment to you and other interest groups in Cook Inlet was that two specific reports (on sockeye
               overescapement and on sockeye genetic stock identification ) and likely the Cook Inlet salmon escapement goal review,
               would be available by December 1. Our intention still is to have those reports completed and available to the public by
               December 1 . As for more standard reports to the BOF, those are being prepared and distributed according to general
               BOF protocols , with which I understand you have concern but which were not part of our commitments regarding the
               special reports identified above . If you would have checked with staff or me prior to sending out your letter, you would
               have been assured as much.

                If you have any other questions, please let us know.

               Take care, DL.

               Denby S. Lloyd
               Commissioner
               Alaska Department of Fish and Game
               P.O. Box 115526
               Juneau, AK 99811-5526
               907-465-4719




               From : Dwight Kramer [mailto:dwimar@gd.net]
               Sent: Monday, November 05, 2007 5:05 PM
               To: Marcotte, Jim R (DFG)
               Cc: Wagoner, Tom (LAA); Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored); John Hilsinger; Swanton, Charles 0 (DFG); Lloyd,
               Denby S (DFG)
               Subject: KAFC 08 UCI BOF Process Letter

               Dear Mr. Marcotte,

                  I have attached an advanced copy of a letter to BOF Chairman Morris and the Board. This letter outlines concerns
               that our organization, Kenai Area Fisherman's Coalition , has regarding process matters relating to the upcoming 08 UCI
               meeting . We are planning on attending the LCI meeting this month and would like to discuss and clarify these issues
               with Chairman Morris, Board members, yourself and department staff at their's and your convenience.

                  Thank you for the opportunity to present these concerns to the Board.

               Dwight Kramer
               KAFC Chairman 283-1054




               8/25/2009



                                                                                                                                 PRA GSP01_0007512
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                         Page 1 of 1



                   Byers, Gail Y (LAW)

                   From:     Dwight Kramer [dwimar@gci.net]
                   Sent:     Monday, November 05, 2007 5:05 PM
                   To:       Marcotte; Jim R (DFG)
                   Cc:       Wagoner; Tom (LAA); Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored); John Hilsinger; Swanton; Charles 0
                             (DFG); Lloyd; Denby S (DFG)
                   Subject: KAFC 08 UCI BOF Process Letter

                 Dear Mr. Marcotte,

                     I have attached an advanced copy of a letter to BOF Chairman Morris and the Board . This letter
                 outlines concerns that our organization , Kenai Area Fisherman 's Coalition , has regarding process matters relating
                 to the upcoming 08 UCI meeting . We are planning on atfending the LCI meeting this month and would like to
                 discuss and clarify these issues with Chairman Morris , Board members , yourself and department staff at their's
                 and your convenience.

                    Thank you for the opportunity to present these concerns to the Board.

                 Dwight Kramer
                 KAFC Chairman 283-1054




                 6/9/2009



                                                                                                                           PRA GSP01 0007513
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                    KENAI AREA FISHERMAN 'S COALITION
                             PO Box 375 Kenai , Ak. 99611 * (907) 283-1054 * dwimar(a7 ci.net
                                                                                      g

                        Board of Fisheries                                                         Nov. 3, 2007
                        ADF&G / Board Support
                        P.O. Box 115526
                        Juneau, Alaska. 99811-5526



                        Dear Chairman Morris,

                            In preparation for the upcoming 08 UCI Board of Fish (BOF) meeting, Kenai Area
                        Fisherman's Coalition would like to express our concerns about the BOF process and
                        preparation materials for that meeting . Our concerns revolve around the following; 1)
                        timeliness of Department reports; 2) the advisory committee process; 3) omission ofdata
                        and reports from the Department; 4) committee process and 5) deliberations and new
                        material submissions.

                            Our group is largely made up of retired fisheries scientists and our value to the BOF
                       and advisory boards is based on our ability to analyze data , provide feedback to the
                       ADF&G and assist in clarifying reports and information . Our effectiveness in assisting
                       the BOF relies on adequate time for review.

                             In meetings with Commissioner Lloyd and Department directors we were informed
                       that the reports would be completed by Dec . 1, 2007 and at the latest 30 days prior to the
                       BOF meeting. We have recently been advised that most of the reports would not be
                       available prior to mid -January. This as unacceptable to our group, and we assume to other
                       groups involved in finding solutions to Upper Cook Inlet fishery issues.

                             The advisory committee process is seriously compromised by this lack of data.
                       They will be making recommendations without factual data to base decisions on. In fact,
                       some of the advisory committees are meeting right now and have no data before them.
                       How can the advisory committees make good recommendations when Department staff is
                       not in full agreement on the data? Discussions are on-going on the impacts of large
                       escapements, the status of Susitna River sockeye, the harvest of Susitna River fish in the
                       commercial fisheries, the status of escapement goals, the legal ramifications of making
                       windows a priority over all escapement goals, and ADF&G comments on the proposals.

                               We are concerned that the reports listed by ADF&G for presentation to the BOF
                       are not complete . We noticed that ADF&G has no report scheduled for the status of
                       stocks in UCI, especially coho salmon; no report on the status of habitat degradation in
                       the Kenai River from recreational use, including the personal use fishery (this is required
                       in regulation); and no report on the findings of the starvation investigation of Kenai River
                       sockeye salmon juveniles.




                                                                                                                    PRA_GSP01 _0007514
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                               Our organization is very concerned about the committee process and flow of
                       information to all of the BOF members. It is our experience that significant information
                       is presented at the committee level and yet this information is rarely transmitted to the
                       full BOF. Written reports are not complete and there is no tape record of the meetings to
                       validate what is in the written committee reports.

                                We also have observed committee members misstate what the committee said or
                       omit data that the committee had before it in their presentations . Therefore, we would
                       like the BOF to meet in full on the important UCI issues and solve them via deliberation
                       before the committees meet. These include : 1) proposals that deal with escapement goals
                       and whether they will be a priority for UCI management and 2) proposals that restrict the
                       flexibility of ADF& G in management of the fisheries (fixed windows and time
                       limitations) - these proposals would reduce the adaptive management flexibility of
                       ADF&G.

                              The last area of concern has to do with last minute proposals or compromises that
                       are brought before the Board during the deliberation process . This occurred in both the
                       2002 and 2005 meetings . It allowed for select special interest groups to get their most
                       precious issues passed into regulation without having to go through the
                       proposal/comment and committee process.

                               In 2002 it was the Kenai River Sport Fishing Association' s (KRSA), Kenai River
                       early run Chinook catch and release regulation change that was subsequently overturned
                       because of public outcry.

                                In 2005 KRSA and United Cook Inlet Drift Association (specific to drift gill net
                       regulations and consequences only) brought a brand new proposal to the BOF during the
                       meeting that authorized a re-allocation of hundreds of thousands of sockeye salmon,
                       lowered the escapement goals in the Yentna River, raised the Kenai escapement goal by
                       50,000 and established a presumptive 36 hour window on a segment of the commercial
                       set net fishermen. This was done without any advisory committee review or public
                       comment. The proposal was brought to the BOF and passed in less than 30 minutes.
                       This was an unethical action on part of the BOF and compromised the sense of any public
                       process for that meeting.

                               We realize that there will be some alterations to regulations or proposals toward
                       the end of the deliberation process . However, we would request that the BOF hold in
                       abeyance (at least 24 hours) any new regulation generated by the BOF that is
                       significantly different from the published proposals . During this 24 hours period we
                       would request that ADF&G staff review the proposal for management concerns and the
                       BOF allow the public to submit comments on the proposal via the RC process prior to
                       any action by the BOF.

                             We hope you will give these matters careful consideration . Thank you for your
                      consideration in these matters.




                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01 _0007515
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                               We will be in attendance at the Lower Cook Inlet meeting if you would like to
                       discuss these concerns in more detail.




                       Dwight Kramer, KAFC Chairman


                       Cc: Denby Lloyd, Commissioner of ADF&G
                           John Hilsinger, COMFISH Director
                           Charles Swanton, Sport Fish Director
                           Jim Marcotte, Director of Board Support
                           Gov. Sarah Palin, Office of the Governor
                           Tom Wagoner, Alaska State Senate




                                                                                                               PRA_GSP01 _0007516
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 Attached Letter                                                                                        Page 1 of I



                   Byers, Gail Y (LAW)

                    From :      Commission, Boundary (CED sponsored) [Ibc@alaska.gov]
                    Sent:       Monday, November 05, 2007 10:12 AM
                   To:          Jon Boiling; Jollie; Tara L (CED)
                   Cc:          Palin; Sarah H (GOV); Kookesh; Albert (LAA); Thomas; Bill (LAA); Smith; Lynne M (GOV); Notti;
                                Emil R (CED); Vandor; Marjorie L (LAW); Bockmon; Julia B (LAW)
                   Subject : RE: Attached Letter

                 Mr. Boiling:

                 Your email and attachment has been received and forwarded to the Director and her assistant as 8:30 am this
                 morning.




                 From: Jon Bolling [mailto :jbolling@aptalaska.net]
                 Sent: Sat 11/3/2007 5:31 PM
                 To: Jollie, Tara L (CED)
                 Cc: Palin, Sarah H (GOV); Kookesh, Albert (LAA); Thomas, Bill (LAA); Smith, Lynne M (GOV); Commission,
                 Boundary (CED sponsored); Notti, Emil R (CED); Vandor, Marjorie L (LAW); Bockmon, Julia B (LAW)
                 Subject: Attached Letter


                 Dear Ms. Jollie,

                 Please see attached letter regarding KGB Annexation Petition.

                 Jon Bolling
                 Craig City Administrator




                 6/9/2009



                                                                                                                         PRA GSP01_0007517
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                       November 3, 2007

                       Via Fax, e-mail, US Mail

                       Ms. Tara Jollie
                       State of Alaska
                       Department of Commerce, Community & Economic Development
                       550 W. 7th Ave, Sute 1770
                      Anchorage, AK 99501-3510

                      Dear Director Jollie:

                      Thank you for your letter dated October 31, 2007. While we appreciate your prompt reply we
                      are disappointed by the tone of your letter and your unwillingness to take all steps necessary to
                      insure that the Local Boundary Commission process is fair to all and comports with the
                      constitutional principles of due process. We are most concerned that your letter raises more
                      questions than answers. The purpose of this letter is to reply to the points raised in your letter, in
                      the order in which they appear.

                      As a starting point, your letter inaccurately states that we submitted a "conflict of interest claim"
                      against Mr. Bockhorst. You are mistaken. Our letter provided a factual background
                      demonstrating "an apparent conflict of interest." We requested a "full investigation" into the
                      "appearance of a direct and serious conflict of interest." Our language was purposeful in
                      avoiding a conflict of interest accusation because we do not know if such a conflict exists;
                      instead we pointed out that one is apparent and merits both recognition by the State of Alaska
                      and an appropriate response. Your response does not acknowledge the appearance, nor provide
                      an appropriate response. Further, we did not accuse Mr. Bockhorst of unethical conduct under
                      the State Ethics Act. The "appearance of improprietary" is a fundamental notion in a democratic
                      society. The citizens of this democracy have a fundamental right to decisions by its courts and
                      quasi-judicial agencies, such as the LBC, that are free from the appearance of impropriety.

                     We requested a "full, open, and thorough" investigation into "an apparent conflict of interest" in
                     this matter. Your letter does not comprise a "full" investigation; it surely does not demonstrate
                     an "open" investigation; and we would describe it as minimal, rather than thorough. We are
                     saddened that this Administration has so little concern for the sixteen communities and twelve
                     school districts who will lose $1,200,000 per year in school funding if the KGB Petition is
                     approved that all it provides in response to our concern is your letter of October 31, 2007. If
                     your letter means the Governor is unwilling to conduct an full, open, and thorough investigation
                     of the circumstances surrounding the complete reversal of DCCED/DCRA's position on the
                     KGB Petition from its position in 1998, reflected in the 117 page Preliminary Report authored by


                     (907) 826-3275 · Fax (907)826-3278 · www.craigak .com · PO Box 725, Craig, Alaska 99921




                                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0007518
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                      Response Letter to Tara Jolfie
                      November 3, 2007


                      Mr. Bockhorst, the now Borough Manger for KGB, the people of Prince of Wales have the
                      resolve not to be steamrolled by DCCED and the LBC We will, if necessary, request the court to
                      intervene and insure a fair process consistent with the constitutional principles of due process.

                      Because your letter attempts to place unsubstantiated information into the LBC record by
                      copying your letter to the LBC, we will address the points in your letter and will similarly copy
                      the LBC with our response. Further, as you were well aware, our letter to the Governor was not
                      copied to the LBC. It is not clear whether you provided the LBC with a copy of our October 19,
                      2007 letter to the Governor, along with your response . Accordingly we are attaching a copy of
                      our original letter and your response to become part of the official record.

                      Your letter states that: "I carefully reviewed DCRA records to compare the actions on record
                      with the allegations made in your letter in order to provide you with at thoughtful reply." Please
                      identify what DCRA "records" you reviewed and provide us with a copy of those records. We
                      assume you would agree that if your investigation is supposed to be the "full, open, and
                      thorough" investigation we requested, you will not hesitate to provide us with the records you
                      relied upon in writing your letter.

                      In our letter of October 19, 2007 we summarized for the Governor, DCCED's recommendation
                      against the KGB petition authored by Mr. Bockhorst in 1998. The recommendation against the
                      Petition does not provide any "disclaimer" that it does not reflect Mr. Bockhorst's personal
                      views. We have seen nothing in the record related to the 1998 Petition and the Preliminary and
                      Final reports indicating that Mr. Bockhorst disagreed with the "DCRA policymakers." Please
                      provide us with copies of anything in the record related to the 1998 Petition that demonstrates
                      that Mr. Bockhorst was in favor of the 1998 Petition, but was directed to write the Preliminary
                      Report recommending against the Petition by "DCRA policymakers."

       i               We disagree with your statement that "Mr. Bockhorst does not make policy." When the
                      petition to form the Skagway Borough was pending, then-Governor Murkowski held a press
                      conference in Skagway and stated his full support for the Skagway Borough Petition, and stated
                      the administration would help support that Petition through the LBC process. Mr. Bockhorst
                      wrote at least three reports for two different LBC hearings recommending against the formation
                      of the Skagway Borough. He wrote those reports and fought the formation of the Skagway
                      Borough, using the budget and other resources of the DCCED, despite the publicp lice
                                                                                                       o
                      statement of the Governor. Mr. Bockhorst apparently did not follow the "policymakers," but
                      apparently rather his own personal views, in fighting the people in Skagway. Fortunately, for the
                      people in Skagway, and for the State as a whole, the LBC ultimately approved the formation of
                      the Skagway Borough.

                     The history of staff reports to the LBC demonstrate that those reports have consistently opposed
                     any formation of a borough that would include an "enclave." With regard to the KGB's 1998
                     Annexation Petition, the LBC staffs Preliminary Report similarly recommends against the KGB
                     Petition because it would create the enclave of Hyder. The Preliminary Report on the current
                     Petition reverses that historic DCCED opposition to the formation of enclaves. This supports our
                     concern that there is the appearance of a conflict. It also raises the question as to who changed
                     DCCED's policy regarding enclaves. As a matter of due process, to whom can the residents of



                                                                     2




                                                                                                                        PRA GSP01_0007519
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                      Response Letter to Tara JoHie
                      November 3, 2007


                      our communities talk to determine who changed the policy and how that change of policy was
                      communicated to LBC staff for the preparation of the preliminary report? How was the public
                      provided an opportunity to comment on this dramatic change regarding the treatment of enclaves
                      prior to the implementation of the new policy reflected in the preliminary report of June 30,
                      2007? We take no comfort in such an after the fact effort to re-interpret what is clearly a matter
                      of public record in all the prior reports.

                      We are surprised that you cite to a footnote in the Preliminary Report to attempt to distance Mr.
                      Bockhorst from the recommendation in the 1998 report. The idea that "prior administration's
                      policy is noted clearly" in the Preliminary Report by a footnote at page 96 is remarkable. In
                      1998, the DCCED/DCRA, through a report written by Mr. Bockhorst, recommended against the
                      approval of the KGB Petition because the Petition failed to meet the constitutional principles in
                      Article X, Section 1 of the Alaska Constitution because Hyder was excluded. It is also a fact that
                      the Preliminary Report of the DCCED/DCRA on the pending Petition, also authored by Mr.
                      Bockhorst, recommends that the KGB Petition be approved because it satisfies Article X,
                      Section 1 of the Alaska Constitution, even though Hyder is excluded. There is no way to mince
                      words about it--that can only be called a complete reversal of the recommendation.

                      The Constitution is not a matter of "policy" that can be changed by administrations. If Governor
                      Palin directed Mr. Bockhorst to change the constitutional policy reflected in the 1998 Report,
                      then such a dramatic shift of constitutional "policy" would not be buried in a footnote on page
                      96. It would have been fully addressed in the Preliminary and the Final Reports. Please provide
                      us with all documents demonstrating that Governor Palin's administration has directed
                      DCCED/DCRA to change the policy of any prior administration as to the interpretation of
                      Article X, Section 1 of the Alaska Constitution, and directed LBC staff to recommend approval
                      of this Petition based on that change of constitutional interpretation.

                      We are also not comforted by your reliance on a footnote at page 96 of the Report; because, in
                      the way that you rely upon it, the footnote appears to be an after the fact effort by its author to
                      distance himself from the 1998 recommendation. Why would that be important for Mr.
                      Bockhorst to do if he has no personal interest in the KGB Petition? Simply put, the footnote at
                      page 96, and your reliance on it, has no place at all in this process, except because of the
                      appearance of the conflict of interest of Mr. Bockhorst.

                     We have reviewed the Preliminary Report from 1998. There is no language indicating that
                     "DCRA policy makers in the Knowles Administration" "as contrasted [sic] the LBC Staff
                     Component" opposed the 1998 Petition. Why, did Mr. Bockhorst find it necessary to insert "as
                     contrasted [sic] the LBC Staff Component" in the footnote on page 96 of the 2007 report?
                     According to you, the staff does not make policy, so it should not matter-now or then-whether
                     Mr. Bockhorst agreed with the policy. As we noted above, he did not make any alleged
                     "disagreement" known in any way in the 1998 Report. What is again important here is the fact
                     that the two recommendations are directly contradictory, and only after the Borough Manager
                     position in KGB became publicly known to be open, did Mr. Bockhorst write the footnote at
                     page 96, which you are now apparently using to tell us Mr. Bockhorst was only doing the
                     bidding of the "policymakers" in recommending against the Petition in 1998. If the 1998
                     Preliminary Report was the work of the DCRA "policymakers," and not Mr. Bockhorst, who are



                                                                        3




                                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0007520
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                       Response Letter to Tara Jollie
                       November 3, 2007


                      the "policymakers" responsible for the 2007 Preliminary Report and Final Report? Why aren't
                      those "policymakers" acknowledged in the 2007 Reports? Has the LBC been advised of the
                      "policymakers" who allegedly directed the 2007 Reports?

                      Your letter states that we "insinuated" that the "pending KGB annexation proposal differences
                      are attributable to the personal motives of Mr. Bockhorst." Please identify in our letter where we
                      made such an "insinuation." We did not "insinuate" anything. Again, we provided you with
                      simple facts. The decision by the LBC to deny the KGB petition in 1999 was squarely based on
                      its interpretation of the Constitution. If Mr. Bockhorst does not "make policy," as you state, he
                      surely does not make Constitutional law. If it were true that Mr. Bockhorst does not "make
                      policy," he had an obligation to recommend against this Petition because the LBC is required to
                      adhere to its own interpretation and application of the Alaska Constitution, as a quasi judicial
                      body. What were his "personal motives," using your words, for recommending that the LBC
                      reverse its previous interpretation of the Alaska Constitution?

                      Your letter characterizes the differences between the 1998 Petition and the pending Petition as
                      "substantial." You then cite as your reasons for that statement:
                           1) the inclusion of Myers Chuck; and
                           2) the extensively different boundaries for the proposed Hyder enclave.

                           1. The inclusion of Myers Chuck

                      We are confident that the LBC in 1999 would have denied the KGB Petition if it had included
                      Myers Chuck, but not Hyder. There is no other way to logically read that 1999 decision and the
                      LBC's interpretation of the applicable constitutional provisions. Similarly, there is no way to
                      read the Preliminary Report in 1998 such that it would have recommended the approval of the
                      Petition if Myers Chuck had been included. What part of the Constitution has changed since
                      1998 that allows DCCED to now recommend that the LBC approve this petition, using Myers
                      Chuck as the justification, with an area of 3.5 square miles, 14 residents, and essentially no State-
                      provided facilities or services?

                           2. Extensively different boundaries for the proposed enclave of Hyder.

                      The technical and minor boundary change in the current KGB petition does not address the
                      fundamental constitutional basis for the LBC's 1999 decision. The 1999 decision specifically
                      states that the exclusion of Hyder violated the Alaska Constitution. The technical boundary
                      change in this petition does not "satisfy" the constitution, rather it ensures a permanent and
                      unresolveable Hyder enclave-the precise Constitutional reason the LBC denied the 1999
                      petition. The result is the State of Alaska will never be relieved of the responsibility for
                      providing all necessary services to the proposed Hyder enclave. Such a result means that the
                      Petition can not satisfy the statutory best interest of the State standard.

                      We provided a lengthy discussion of these two issues in our comments to the LBC in response to
                      the Preliminary Report. The Final Report prepared by LBC staff failed to address an of the
                      comments submitted by the City of Craig. Why did DCRA choose not to address any of our
                      comments? The purpose of the Final Report is to address the public comments generated by the



                                                                       4




                                                                                                                         PRA GSPOI_000752I
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                      Response Letter to Tara Jollie
                      November 3, 2007


                      Preliminary Report. Were our comments not worthy of response? Did DCRA decide not to
                      provide any guidance to the LBC in its Final Report? Why doesn't DCRA and the LBC
                      postpone the hearing and direct LBC staff to provide a complete and independent Final Report
                      that addresses the comments and concern of the City of Craig and the Myers Chuck Community
                      Association? Why is it important to DCRA and the LBC to approve this Petition quickly,
                      without a full and fair opportunity to consider the constitutional interpretation issues and due
                      process issues? In light of Mr. Bockhorst now being the KGB Manager, these are fair questions,
                      and remain unanswered by your letter.

                      Your letter attempts to construct a "timeline," which we assume was included to convince us that
                      there is no appearance of a conflict of interest. The continued advocacy by DCRA in support of
                      the KGB Petition continues to taint the process. Are you telling us that the LBC staff assigned
                      to the fmal report conducted an independent analysis of the KGB Petition, and came to the same
                      recommendations as Mr. Bockhorst, for all the same reasons, and that in doing this independent
                      analysis, the comments from the City of Craig and Myers Chuck Association were not even
                      worthy of response? Do you not see the appearance of the conflict with staff who are
                      subordinate to Mr. Bockhorst doing the Final Report while he is actively seeking the Borough
                      Manager job? Isn't it an appearance of a conflict of interest that DCRA and its employees did
                      not have the independence to be able to make a recommendation contrary to Mr. Bockhorst's
                      preliminary report, because to do so could jeopardize his chance of being named the Borough
                      Manager?

                      We wrote in our comments to the LBC in response to the Preliminary Report:

                             "The LBC has two choices. It can reject the recommendation of the LBC staff, and deny
                             the Petition because that would be the factually and legally correct decision. The denial of
                             the Petition would be consistent with the Constitutional principles the LBC is obligated to
                             uphold and apply. The denial of the Petition will be consistent with the 1999 Decision.

                             The second choice is for the LBC to remove the Preliminary Report from the record and to
                             retain an independent consultant to prepare a report not tainted with the appearance of bias
                             and conflict of interest enveloping this Preliminary Report." (Comments on Behalf of the
                             City of Craig and the Prince of Wales Community Advisory Council, p. 17)

                     Why were these two choices not addressed at all in staffs Final Report? Please explain to us
                     who made the decision not to have an independent person do the Final Report? Why are you
                     continuing to refuse to have an independent person, untainted by the appearance of a conflict of
                     interest, do a Final Report for the LBC? Your timeline offers no explanation for the continued
                     involvement of Mr. Bockhorst's subordinates in the preparation of the Final Report.

                     Going through your timeline, you indicate that Mr. Bockhorst spoke with the "former DCRA
                     Director" about "policy" on March 26, 2007. Please tell us who that was, and provide us a copy
                     of any memorandum, report, or notes related to that "discussion."

                     Your timeline, then, does not include any reference to relevant events until June 28, 2007. We
                     take this as your acknowledgment that the KGB Manager position was publicly reported to be



                                                                       5




                                                                                                                            PRA GSP01 0007522
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                       Response Letter to Tara Jollie
                       November 3, 2007


                       open before June 30, 2007, consistent with our letter to the Governor and our comments to the
                       LBC. What is also missing is mention of any communications between Mr. Bockhorst and the
                       KGB, specifically the former manager. Were there any? Did you review those communications?
                       Did you review the a-mails between Mr. Bockhorst and KGB personnel or representatives? If
                       you did not, why not? We request copies of all correspondence and a-mails between Mr.
                       Bockhorst and any KGB employee, Borough Assembly member or other Borough representative
                       for the period between March 26, 2007 and November 7, 2007.

                      At the beginning of your letter, you note that your letter is a "thoughtful reply." We assume then
                      that you were being "thoughtful" when you carefully chose the words that Mr. Bockhorst "first
                      became aware of the recruitment for the position on July 31." When he became aware the
                      position was open and when the Borough published a recruitment bulletin are different events.
                      Whether there is an appearance of a conflict is unrelated to when Mr. Bockhorst "became aware
                      of the recruitment." What were the communications, including e-mails, between LBC staff and
                      KGB representatives, from June, when the Borough Assembly publicly accepted the borough
                      manager's resignation, until August 1, 2007? Did you review those communications? Mr.
                      Bockhorst told the Ketchikan Daily News that he was aware of the vacant manager position
                      during the weekend of July 28, 2007. Why the discrepancy between your "timeline" and the
                      newspaper account?

                      Your timeline refers to a memorandum from Mr. Bockhorst to "the Department Ethics
                      Supervisor" on August 1, 2007. In the interest of fairness and "transparent" government, which
                      Governor Palin has repeatedly stressed in her administration, please provide us a copy of that
                      memorandum and any response from the ethics supervisor.

                      Your timeline fails to note a lengthy conversation Mr. Bockhorst had on July 31, 2007 with a
                      representative of the Myers Chuck Community Association regarding the KGB Petition. Mr.
                      Bockhorst advised the representative that Myers Chuck should make the case that it has at least
                      as good a case as Hyder for being an enclave. By taking this approach, Myers Chuck would not
                      support inclusion in the Wrangell Borough, as originally expressed by Myers Chuck and
                      reflected in the Wrangell Petition. Did he recuse himself before or after this call? Did you
                      review the records of this call? Mr. Bockhorst told the representative that he had a clock on his
                      desk and that he had just given her 34 minutes of technical assistance . Myers Chuck accepted
                      Mr. Bockhorst' s "technical assistance " as reflected in its the association's comments to the LBC.
                      Myers Chuck even obtained the agreement of the KGB for that position. As you know, the Final
                      Report prepared by Ms. McPherson dismissed the proposal of Myers Chuck to be an enclave like
                      Hyder as "clearly unsupported by the facts." The absence of any effort at analysis in the Final
                      Report, after this call with Mr. Bockhorst, raises the appearance of a conflict.

                     In your concluding paragraph you state there are "discrepancies between the assertions in ...
                     [our] letter and the facts on record." We have not seen the "record" of which you speak. In an
                     often used cliche, the 1998 Preliminary Report, the 1999 Decision, the 2007 Preliminary Report,
                     and the 2007 Final Report "speak for themselves." The irrefutable facts are that the 2007
                     Preliminary Report advocates for the LBC to interpret the Alaska constitution in a manner
                     diametrically opposite what was advocated by DCCED in the 1998 Preliminary Report, and
                     completely contrary to the decision of the LBC in 1999 on the KGB Petition. It is also a fact that



                                                                      6




                                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0007523
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                       Response Letter to Tara Jollie
                       November 3, 2007


                       during this process Mr. Bockhorst applied for and eventually became the KGB Borough
                       Manager. We did not make "assertions." We began by asking the LBC to retain an
                       independent consultant to complete the Final Report. When that was not done, and the Final
                       Report ignored the comments of Craig, and ignored the apparent conflict of interest, we appealed
                       to the Governor because she has expressed a commitment to open government.

                      In addition to your letter, we received a letter from Ms. Bockmon in the Department of Law,
                      stating in essence, that, based on your letter, Mr. Bockhorst did not violate the Ethics Act. We
                      did not "assert" or "insinuate" or "complain" of any Ethical Act violation, so we are not clear
                      why we received this letter from Ms. Bockmon. Why was Ms. Bockmon directed to treat our
                      letter as an Ethics Act complaint?

                      However, since you or someone in the Administration referred our letter to the Department of
                      Law under the Ethics Act, it may be instructive to review the purpose of the Ethics Act in light of
                      your letter.

                      AS. 39.52.010 states as the policy of the Act:

                      a) It is declared that
                         (1) high moral and ethical standards among public officers in the executive
                         branch are essential to assure the trust, respect, and confidence of the
                         people of this state;
                         (2) a code of ethics for the guidance of public officers will
                           (A) discourage those officers from acting upon personal or financial
                           interests in the performance of their public responsibilities;
                           (B) improve standards of public service; and
                           (C) promote and strengthen the faith and confidence of the people of this
                           state in their public officers;
                         (3) holding public office or employment is a public trust and that as one
                         safeguard of that trust, the people require public officers to adhere to a
                         code of ethics;
                         (4) a fair and open government requires that executive branch public
                         officers conduct the public's business in a manner that preserves the
                         integrity of the governmental process and avoids conflicts of interest...

                      Do you mean to tell us by your letter that the people of this State should have a high degree of
                      "trust, respect, and confidence" in DCCED that it has acted fairly, openly, and in the best
                      interests of the people of this State with regard to the KGB Petition? Do you mean to tell us that
                      LBC staffs actions, and the refusal of DCRA to retain an independent consultant, and your letter
                      refusing to conduct an investigation of the appearance of a conflict of interest "promotes and
                      strengthens the faith and confidence of the people of this state in their public officers?" Do you
                      mean to tell us that LBC staff conduct, and that of DCRA, is evidence of a "fair and open
                      government?" Do you mean to tell us that Mr. Bockhorst and DCRA have approached the KGB
                      Petition in a manner that "preserves the integrity of the governmental process and avoid conflict
                      of interest?" If so, we would agree and urge the Department and the LBC to review the current
                      KGB Annexation Petition process to date in that light



                                                                        7




                                                                                                                         PRA GSP01_0007524
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                       Response Letter to Tara Jollie
                       November 3, 2007




                       We will continue our pursuit of what is right. In a democracy, an open and fair process is
                       fundamental to the trust and confidence of the people. There is no place for even the appearance
                       of a conflict of interest. When an appearance of a conflict of interest arises, the government has
                       an obligation to restore the trust and confidence of the people by taking steps to avoid the
                       appearance of a conflict of interest.

                      If the LBC adopts Mr. Bockhorst's recommendation, and no independent report is prepared for
                      the LBC, which addresses the comments of Craig, Myers Chuck, and the many others who
                      submitted comments to the Preliminary Report, the people in the unorganized borough in
                      Southeast Alaska will have been denied due process.

                      In light of the significance to the affected communities and school districts in the unorganized
                      borough, and given the fact that you provided a copy of your October 31, 2007, letter to the
                      LBC, we specifically request the following information, pursuant to AS 40.25.110:
                                   1. All drafts of your October 31, 2007 letter, identifying all current and former LBC
                                       staff, who participated or reviewed any of those drafts.
                                   2. All communications, including all e-mails between yourself and any other state
                                       employee, with Mr. Bockhorst between October 19, 2007 and October 31, 2007.
                                   3. All DCCED records you reviewed.
                                   4. All records showing that LBC staff was in favor of the KGB 1998 annexation
                                       petition.
                                  5. All records from "DCRA policymakers" directing LBC staff to write the
                                      preliminary report in 1998 recommending that the LBC deny the KGB annexation
                                       petition.
                                  6. All records from any current "DCRA policymakers" to LBC staff regarding the
                                      preparation of the Final Report on the current KGB annexation petition.
                                  7. All communications, including e-mails, from all current or former LBC staff
                                      persons with Ms. McPherron or any other staff member assigned to prepare the
                                      Final Report.
                                  8. Any memorandum, reports, notes, and e-mails. related to the discussion on March
                                      26, 2007 between Mr. Bockhorst and the "former DCRA director".
                                  9. The memorandum from Mr. Bockhorst to the department Ethics Supervisor of
                                      August 1, 2007, and the department supervisor' s response; and any other
                                      communication with the department' s ethics supervisor.
                                  10. Any notes, reports, memoranda, and e-mail by Mr. Bockhorst related to his July
                                      31, 2007 conversation with representatives of the Meyers Chuck Community
                                      Association.
                                  11. All communications , including e-mails, between any KGB employee, assembly.
                                      member, or representative between March 26, 2007 and November 7, 2007.
                                  12. The file, including notes and all e-mails, from LBC staff members, from the 1998
                                      and 2007 KGB annexation petitions.

                     In addition to providing us copies the above records, we request that all the above documents be
                     made a part of the official record of the pending KGB annexation petition.




                                                                      8




                                                                                                                        PRA GSP01_0007525
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                       Response Letter to Tara Jollie
                       November 3, 2007


                       There is still time for DCRA and the LBC to do the right thing and either deny the KGB Petition,
                       or postpone the hearing until an independent report is prepared. If not, we are prepared seek the
                       assistance of the Court.

                       Sincerely,




                      Jon Bolling
                      City Administrator

                      Attachments

                      Cc w/attachments:            Governor Palin
                                                   Lynne Smith
                                                   Local Boundary Commission
                                                   Emil Notti
                                                   Mark Davis
                                                   Marjorie Vandor
                                                   Julia Bockmon
                                                   Senator Kookesh
                                                   Representative Thomas
                                                   Carol Brown
                                                   Millie Stevens
                                                   Jim Van Altvorst, Van Altvorst & Associates
                                                   Robert P. Blasco, Robertson, Monagle & Eastaugh
                                                   Prince of Wales Community Advisory Council




                                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0007526
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                               =+rr.r^
                             4LA SKP
                                                                             CRAIG COMMUNITY ASSOCIATION

                      October 19, 2007



                      Governor Sarah Palin
                      PO Box 110001
                      Juneau, AK 99811-0001

                      Re: Conflict of Interest of Dan Bockhorst Regarding Ketchikan Gateway Borough Annexation
                      Petition

                      Dear Governor Palin:

                      We write you with the utmost concern for the appearance of impropriety that pervades the Local
                      Boundary Commission process related to the Ketchikan Gateway Borough Annexation Petition.
                      We write you because we sincerely believe that the people of this State , and in particular the
                      small communities and school districts of Southeast Alaska , are being denied due process and
                      fair treatment directly resulting from an apparent conflict of interest involving Mr. Dan
                      Bockhorst.

                     Mr. Bockhorst is the senior local government specialist in your administration assigned as the
                     staff to the Local Boundary Commission. On June 30 , 2007, Mr. Bockhorst completed a 117
                     page Preliminary Report recommending that the LBC approve the KGB Annexation Petition.
                     Shortly. after completing his report , Mr. Bockhorst applied for the vacant KGB Borough
                     Manager position. On October 13, 2007, KGB hired Mr. Bockhorst as its new Borough Manager
                     under a five-year contract, effective November 1, 2007 . He will start with a salaryof $110,000,
                     going up to $121 ,000 in two years.

                     We have attached the response of the City of Craig to the Preliminary Report of Mr . Bockhorst.
                     The importance of a conflict of interest is easily demonstrated. On April 16,1999, the Local
                     Boundary Commission denied the Annexation Proposal of the Ketchikan Gateway Borough
                     because "the proposal fails to serve all the relevant principles established in the Constitution of
                     the State of Alaska." (Statement of Decision, 1999, p. 14) The reason the Petition violated the
                     Alaska Constitution was because the Petition sought to annex a large area of uninhabited land,
                     while not annexing the only community in that area -Hyder. The reason for annexing the
                     uninhabited land in 1999 was to obtain a significant increase in forest receipts from the federal
                     government. By excluding Hyder, KGB would obtain the forest receipts and not have to provide
                     any services to anyone actually living in the area being annexed.


                     (907) 826-3275 · Fax (907)826-3278 · www.craigsk.com · PO Box 725, Craig, Alaska 99921




                                                                                                                     PRA_GSP01_0007527
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                     Mr. Bockhorst prepared the Preliminary Report in 1998 recommending that the LBC reject the
                     KGB petition because it excluded Hyder, and he specifically pointed out the unfairness of KGB
                     obtaining a significant increase in forest receipts without having to provide any services. The
                     unfairness directly impacts the City of Craig, sixteen communities , and twelve school districts in
                     the unorganized borough in Southeast Alaska , who stand to lose a combined $1 .2 million each
                     year if the annexation is approved . To the extent that KGB can annex land currently in the -
                     unorganized borough, the current forest receipts of the communities and school districts in the
                     unorganized borough will be reduced dramatically in proportion to the land annexed by KGB.
                     Mr. Bockh orst also stated in his 1998 recommendation to reject the Petition that the annexation
                     without Hyder would violate the Alaska Constitution.

                     KGB submitted the pending Petition in 2006 . As it did in 1998, this Petition excludes Hyder. If
                     the Petition is approved by the LBC , KGB will receive an additional $1,200 ,000 in forest
                     receipts per year.

                     After KGB announced the vacancy of its Borough Manager position , Mr. Bockhorst submitted
                     his report to the LBC completely reversing his recommendation of 1998. Although nothing had
                     changed, he now stated to the LBC that the Constitutional had sufficient "flexibility" to allow
                     KGB to annex the uninhabited land and exclude Hyder. Shortly after submitting that report, he
                     applied for the KGB Borough Manager position.

                     The LBC scheduled the public hearing on the KGB Annexation Petition for November 6, 2007,
                     and scheduled the decisional meeting on that Petition for November 7, 2007. We respectfully
                     request that you immediately:

                        1. Direct the LBC to cancel the public hearing until the Attorney General can conduct a full
                           investigation into the apparent conflict of interest;
                        2. Direct the Attorney General to conduct a full, thorough , and open investigation of the
                           conflict of interest.

                    You have repeatedly stated that your administration is "transparent " and you have repeatedly
                    stated that your administration will not tolerate any appearances of impropriety or conflicts of
                    interest. We have to trust that you will recognize the seriousness of this situation and honor your
                    commitment to the people of the State. This is especially true when you consider that the final
                    report on the proposed annexation does not address the concerns we raised about the preliminary
                    report.

                    We truly cannot believe that you will allow the LBC to go forward on this Petition without
                    conducting a full investigation into these circumstances . We request that you consider the




                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0007528
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                      devastating impact on the school children in the unorganized borough of the loss of $1,200,000
                      per year in school funding, which cannot be allowed constitutionally or under the unquestionable
                      appearance of a direct and serious conflict of interest.

                     We look forward to your prompt action and response in light of the pending LBC hearing on
                     November 6, 2007.




                                                                  Millie Stevens
                                                                  Tribal President, Craig Community Assn.




                                                                                                                  PRA_GSP01_0007529
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                  2007-Nov - 01 08 : 43 AM Alaska Office of the Governor 907.269.7461                                               214




                                                  STATE OP ALASKA
                                                  DEPARTMENT OF
                                                  COMMERCE     TY AND
                                                                                                              SambPm G n r
                                                                                                           F iINW Cc: W&*
                                                                                                                       Arr
                                                  ECONOMIC D 1EVELOPMENP
                                                                                                                Ta,Nf 6 DkWw
                                                  Diviiion o(C=uma y & RRzioaa1Atfaia



                              October 31, 2007

                              Mr. Jon Boiling, City Administrator
                              City of Craig
                              P.O. Box 725
                              Craig, Alaska 99921

                              Dear Mr. Boiling:
                             As Director of the Division of Community and Regional Affairs (DCRA ) which provides
                             staff support for the Local Boundary Commission, I was asked to respond to your letter
                             of October 19, 2007. This letter alleges a conflict of interest on the part of Dan
                             Bockhorst, DCRA lead state staff to the Local Boundary Commission. Your letter claims
                             Mr. Bockhorst's rote In the pending Ketchikan Gateway Borough ( KGB) annexation
                             proceedings, past and present, and his recent appointment as KGB Manager offered to
                             him October 13, 2007 , substantiate your conflict of Interest claim against him.

                             Your letter also asks that the Governor direct the Attorney General to investigate this
                             conflict of Interest claim, as well as direct the Local Boundary Commission to cancel Its
                             November 6, 2007, public hearing on the Ketchikan annexation proposal until the
                             Attorney Generars investigation is complete.

                             I carefully reviewed DCRA records to compare the actions on record with allegations
                             made in your letter In order to provide you with a thoughtful reply . I also wanted to
                             determine if DCRA had anything in our records that supports the statements in your
                             letter and/or supports your request for an official investigation and cancellation of the
                             Ketchikan annexation proposal public hearings scheduled for November 6, 2007.

                            Your letter asserts that (1) after KGB announced the vacancy of its Borough Manager
                            position, Mr. Bockhorst submitted his report to the LBC completely reversing his
                            recommendation of 1998. You also claim that (2) although nothing had changed, Mr.
                            Bockhorst now stated to the LBC that the Constitution had sufficient flexibility to allow
                            KGB to annex the uninhabited land and exclude Hyder. You further claim that (3)
                            shortly after submitting that report , he applied for the KGB Borough Manager position.
                            These statements are not based on facts . DCRA records clearly show the following:




                                                  550 W. 7th Avenue, Sue 1770, Anchorage, AT--6 99501-3510
                                         Tdeploae: (907) 369-4501 Fm(907) 204539 TactTelephone: (907) 455-5437
                                      Em m& qusedone@commexce .aneeah ue Wehdte: htrp //www.cc nwc ee a akue/dca/




                                                                                                                               PRA GSPOI_0007530
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                  2007-Nov-01 08:43 AM Alaska Office of the Governor 907.269 .7461                                             3/4




                              Regarding assertions ( 1) and (2) which discuss a recommendation in the 1998 proposal
                              that Is different In the current proposal , and your assertion that Mr. Bockhorst
                              completely reversed his 1998 recommendation to the LBC. These assertions are not
                              true. It is Important to note that the 1998 recommendation reflected the policy direction
                              of a prior administration . Staff, Including Mr. Bockhorst, does not set policy.
                              The prior administration 's policy is noted dearly in the DCCED Preliminary Report to the
                              Local Boundary Commission Regarding the Petition forAnnexaton of Approximately
                              4,701 Square Was to the Ketchikan Gateway Borough, June 30, 2007, p. 96, n. 67.

                                    'DCRA policy makers in the Knowles Administration (i.e., the Office of the
                                    Commissioner and the Director, as contrasted to the LBC Staff
                                    Component), opposed the prior KGB annexation proposal. Reflecting the
                                    views of the DCRA policy maker 's, DCRA's preliminary report stated the
                                    following with respect to the standard at issue here:

                                    In the view of DCRA policy makers , significant adverse financial
                                    Impacts on communities In the unorganized borough are a more
                                    important consideration than the constitutional principles in this
                                    particular instance.'
                             Furthermore, contrary to your insinuation that the pending KGB annexation proposal
                             differences are attributable to the personal motives of Mr. Bockhorst , the pending
                             proposal Is signiticantiy different from the 1998 annexation proposal for substantial
                             reasons including the following:

                             Among the Important differences Is the inclusion of Meyer 's Chuck and extensively
                             different boundaries for the proposed Hyder enclave . Those different boundaries for the
                             Hyder enclave address particular concerns expressed by the Local Boundary
                             Commission In Its 1999 decision . Further, Exhibit K of the current Petition provides a
                             thorough discussion by the Petitioner of justification for postponing the annexation of
                             Hyder and the future circumstances which may lead to its inclusion in the Ketchikan
                             Borough.

                            Regarding assertion (3) that shortly after completing the preliminary 2007 report, Mr.
                            Bockhorst applied for the KGB Borough Manager position , our records dearly shows
                            this timeline of events:
                            March 26 , 2007; Mr. Bockhorst began his analysis of the Ketchlkan annexation
                            proposal at which point he discussed policy aspects of the proposal with the former
                            DCRA Director.

                            June 28, 2007: Mr. Bockhorst's work on the 2007 preliminary report was complete and
                            forwarded to the DCRA publications technician for formatting and publication.
                            July 29, 2007: just over one month after Mr. Bockhorst completed his work on the
                            annexation proposal for the Department's 2007 preliminary report, the Ketchikan
                            Gateway Borough first announced that it was recruiting for a Borough Manager.

                                                                                                                     2




                                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0007531
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                  2007-Nov-01 08:44 AM Alaska Office of the Governor 907.269.7461                                               4/4




                              August 1 , 2007: In accordance with the Executive Branch Ethics Act, Mr. Bockhorst
                              wrote a memorandum to the Department's Ethics Supervisor disclosing that he had an
                              Interest in applying for the Ketchikan Borough Manager position . Mr. Bockhorst stated
                              in this memorandum that he first became aware of the recruitment for the position on
                              July 31. in that memorandum , he recused himself with respect to any and all future
                              dealings regarding the Ketchikan annexation proposal. Mr. Bockhorst 's work regarding
                              the Ketchikan annexation proceeding was immediately reassigned to Ms. Jeanne
                              McPherren.

                             October 15, 2007: Ms. McPherren , not Mr. Sockhorst, Independently prepared the
                             2007 final report regarding the Ketchikan annexation proposal.

                             To conclude, given the discrepancies between the assertions in your letter and the facts
                             on record, I find no basis to support or recommend that the Local Boundary
                             Commission cancel or postpone its upcoming hearing. Furthermore, I find no reason to
                             support your request for an official investigation into a conflict of interest claim against
                             Mr. Dan Bockhorat

                             If you have any questions regarding this letter, I can be reached directly at 907-269-
                             7959.


                                                                Sincerely,




                                                                Tara Joilie, Director



                             cc Governor Sarah Pailn
                                Lynne Smith, Special Assistant to Governor Paiin
                                Local Boundary Commission
                                Emil Notti, Commissioner, DCCED
                               Mark Davis, Ethics Supervisor, OCCED
                               Marjorie Vendor, Assistant Attorney General, Alaska Department of Law




                                                                                                                       3




                                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0007532
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Byers, Gail Y (LAW)
              From :                  gov.sarah@yahoo.com
              Sent:                   Monday, November 05, 2007 6:27 AM
              To:                     Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Notti; Emil R (CED); Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
              Subject:                Re: Fwd: Emailing: 0507.wallace-wellsl.htm


              K- pls send to Rhonda just as fyi

              Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular one



              -----Original Message-----

              From : Todd Palin < fek9wnr@yahoo.com>



             Date: Mon, 5 Nov 2007 06:18:09

             To:Kris Perry <kris_perry@gov. state . ak.us> , frank bailey <ftb907cyahoo. com>, Sarah Palin
             <gov.sarah@yyahoo.com>

             Subject: Fwd: Emailing: 0507.wallace-wellsi.htm




             Note: forwarded message attached.




             Do You Yahoo!?

             Tired of spam? Yahoo! Mail has the best spam protection around

             http://mail.yahoo.com




                                                                     1




                                                                                                               PRA GSP01_0007533
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                "Alaska, GOP Welfare State " by Benjamin Wallace-Wells                                                 Page 1 of 9




                         Washington    MONTH
                             Respond to this Article                                            July/August 2005



                                     Alaska, GOP Welfare
                                             State
                              Sen. Ted Stevens built a welfare state for Eskimos that
                                         made defense contractors .rich.
                                                       By Benjamin Wallace-Wells



                            Many remote places claim to be the end of the earth, but the tiny Eskimo village of
                            Tatitlik, set in near-mythic isolation on a small beach on Alaska's Prince William
                            Sound, has a better case than most . The village has stood for a thousand years on a
                            small strip of sediment that has collected at the point where the Chugach Mountains
                            soar out of the sound . There are three dirt roads in Tatitlik , which loop around the
                            beach and connect back to one another; you can only get in or out by boat or by
                            plane, and all supplies have to be flown or ferried in. Tatitlik has a population of 97,
                            subsistence hunters and fishermen who live in about 30 small, irregular ranches set
                            on wood platforms . The mountains that surround Tatitlik are , even in summer,
                            mostly covered in snow, and as you pull into the village, they look like shards of
                            broken eggshell, the village encased inside.

                            The people of Tatitlik have had a spectacularly unlucky history . In 1964, much of
                            the population was relocated from the nearby village of Chenaga , which had been
                            destroyed by the Great Alaska Earthquake . (Chenaga sat on what turned out to be
                            the epicenter of the 9.2 Richter quake, the most powerful recorded tremor in North
                            American histcuy.) Then, in 1989, the drunk captain of the Exxon Valdez plowed
                            his tanker into Blythe Reef, just five miles down the coast from Tatitlik . The Valdez
                            spilled 10.8 million gallons of oil onto the seal beaches and herring runs that the
                            villagers relied on for food . Tatitlik tried to get Alaska to use some of the
                            compensation funds to build a small boat harbor for its fragile fishing fleet, but the
                            state instead built massive industrial docks to accommodate clean-up tankers in the
                            event of another spill. Those docks loom over the village 's fishing boats, which look
                            in comparison as if they've been imported from Lilliput.

                            Tatitlik has no stores and no on-village work , save for a handful of government jobs
                            running its health clinic and school . The pride of the village is an old Russian
                            Orthodox church, one legacy of the long history of Russian colonization here. Used
                            oil drums are stacked at the east end of the town , a wrecked car at the western end,
                            and kids, on their way to hunt , sometimes lug shotguns through the streets. Until
                            recently, the town had five cars, but the brakes on one, a black pickup , failed a
                            couple of weeks ago, and the villager driving it had to smash the truck against the
                            crane at the end of the tanker dock in order to keep it from rolling into the sound.



               file://C:\Documents and Settings\ksclark\Local Settings\Temporary Internet Files\OLK89\0...              8/4/2009



                                                                                                                          PRA GSP01 _0007534
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                "Alaska, GOP Welfare State " by Benjamin Wallace-Wells                                                Page 2 of 9


                             So now, Tatitlik's automotive fleet is down to four.

                              These same villagers are the
                              unlikely owners of a giant           Subscribe Online Now
                              multinational company: the
                              Chugach Alaska Corporation.          Save 33% Off Cover Price
                              Chugach Corp.'s annual
                              revenues now top $700 million,                            "If you only get one
                              nearly all of which comes from
                                                                                      subscription this year,
                              federal contracting. The
                                                                                       b,ny Tlu IT .7shing;on
                                                                                                  T
                              company does more business
                                                                                        Monthly. If you get
                             with the U.S. government than
                                                                                        another, buy two."
                             do IBM, AT&T, or Motorola.
                                                                                          James Carville
                             Chugach and its partners run
                             military bases from Nevada to
                             Iraq. They monitor seismic
                             activity from a base in Korea in
                             support of the Nuclear Test Ban
                             Treaty . And on another end of the earth, Chugach operates the Reagan Test Site, a
                             coral reef leased from the Marshall Islands, where engineers give ballistic missiles a
                             workout and may some day run the planned Star Wars program . The contract for
                             that one is worth $2.5 billion.

                             How do the villagers, most of whom would much rather hunt seals and stalk
                             caribou herds than go anywhere near a corporate boardroom, manage these
                             projects? The truth is, they don't . Village chief Gary Kompkoff is vice chairman of
                             the corporation, but no other villagers and only a handful of Eskimos are even
                             employed on these projects . The projects are managed instead by Chugach's
                             subsidiary companies --run by white contracting executives from offices in
                             downtown Anchorage or in the Lower 48 states --or by Chugach's corporate
                             partners--huge firms such as Lockheed Martin and Bechtel.

                            These natives are being used essentially as fronts, what the Heritage Foundation's
                            Ronald Utt calls "corporate shells," because of certain privileges that only Alaskan
                            tribal corporations enjoy. Chief among them is the unlimited right, given to Alaskan
                            native-owned corporations by Congress at the behest of Alaska's senior senator, Ted
                            Stevens (R-Alaska), to bid for "sole-source" federal contracts (those not put up for
                            competitive bid). As a result , these companies and their giant corporate partners can
                            win federal contracts without necessarily having to offer the government the lowest
                            possible price.

                            These contracting advantages provide the natives with some modest benefits,
                            mostly in the form of annual dividend checks . The villagers of Tatitlik who were
                            bom before 1971 get about $ 1,500 a year--enough to buy new outboard motors for
                            their boats so they can chase the migrating seal herds. Chugach is one of the most
                            successful native corporations ; most villagers in Alaska, while connected to a native
                            corporation, receive even smaller annual checks.

                            Many of the system's benefits , though, flow to non-native people and corporations
                            inside the Beltway . Lobbyists get hefty fees for putting together the deals . Federal
                            contracting officers get to pad their minority and small business requirements and.
                            sidestep the headaches of competitive bidding. Bush administration officials get a
                            tool to circumvent civil service unions. And, most of all, the Bechtels and Lockheed
                            Martins get business they might not otherwise have obtained , with larger profit
                            margins than they normally enjoy.



               file://C:\Documents and Settings\ksclark\Local Settings\Temporary Internet Files \OLK89\0...           8/4/2009


                                                                                                                        PRA_GSP0I_0007535
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                ."Alaska, GOP Welfare State " by Benjamin Wallace-Wells                                                  Page 3 of 9


                              The amount of business flowing through Eskimo contracting schemes has exploded
                             in the post- 9/11 contracting boom. An industry that was still tiny five years ago
                             now generates billions of dollars each year. And its beginning to attract scrutiny.
                             Keith Ashdown of the nonpartisan watchdog group Taxpayers for Common Sense
                             calls the Eskimo loophole a "magnet for mischief." The Government Accountability
                             Office has launched a probe into whether federal agencies are paying far more for
                             contracts than they should. The Senate Energy and House Armed Services
                             Committees have also held hearings on whether some sole-source contracts run
                             through the Eskimo loophole ought to have been competitively bid. Stevens, the
                             author of the loophole, has been accused of making hundreds of thousands of
                             dollars from a real estate deal involving one of the Alaskan corporations he helped
                             to create.

                             If these investigations develop into a full-fledged scandal, it will be the third in just
                             a few months involving senior Republicans in Washington and aboriginal
                             populations-and three's a pattern. A Senate committee is looking into the case of
                             Jack Abramoff, the conservative lobbyist and former aide to House Majority Leader
                             Tom DeLay who is accused of bilking millions of dollars from native Americans to
                             help them fend off non-existent threats to their special rights to operate casinos.
                             Meanwhile, DeLay himself is the subject of inquiries as a result of donor-funded
                             trips to the Marianas Islands, an American protectorate where textile manufacturers
                             operate sweatshops with imported Chinese labor outside the reach of federal wage
                             and workplace rules, yet have the right--thanks to DeLay's influence--to stamp
                             "Made in America" on their products.

                            That all three scandals involve the exploitation of federal regulatory loopholes
                            constructed to benefit native Americans is no coincidence. It is instead an
                            illustration of how government now works under GOP control. Once upon a time,
                            when Democrats ran Washington, federal tax dollars for the poor and other
                            constituencies flowed largely through federal agencies and projects. The system
                            was often inefficient, didn't always do much for its intended beneficiaries, and over
                            the years became unpopular with voters. Now, a new system is arising, one more in
                            tune with the zeitgeist. The new system funnels tax dollars not through wasteful
                            federal bureaucracies but through crony capitalist enterprises. It is as inefficient and
                            ineffective as the old system, maybe more so. But while the old system bolstered
                            Democratic control of Washington, this one supports Republican rule. Welcome,
                            then, to the new conservative welfare state.

                            Reservation Inc.

                            This convoluted, controversial system is the product of one of the most bizarre and
                             ambitious social engineering projects in recent American history, a plan designed to
                             lift Alaskan natives out of poverty through the private sector. It's hard to imagine a
                             group more deserving of government help; since they first began to have significant
                            dealings with white Americans at the turn of the 20th century, Alaskan natives have
                            had a brutal time of it. In the 1905 Yukon gold rush, they were chased off their
                            lands by prospecting Russians and Californians. During the 1940s, the Bureau of
                            Indian Affairs (BIA) began forcing tribes to abandon their itinerant hunting and
                            settle in permanent locations; alcoholism became rampant, and children were sent
                            off to BIA-run boarding schools, horrid dens of physical and sexual abuse . In 1957,
                            the government physicist Edward Teller, one inspiration for Dr. Strangelove, and
                            the U.S. Bureau of Atomic Research even developed a strange plan to detonate a
                            hydrogen bomb under the native village of Point Hope.

                            By the time modem Alaska emerged in the mid-1960s, native Alaskans seemed



               file://C:\Documents and Settings\ksclark\Local Settings\Temporary Internet Files\OLK89\0...                8/4/2009



                                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0007536
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                "Alaska, GOP Welfare State " by Benjamin Wallace-Wells                                                 Page 4 of 9


                             natural recipients for sympathy and affirmative federal action . When oil was
                             discovered in Prudhoe Bay on Alaska's mostly frozen and uninhabited north coast,
                             oil companies needed to figure out how to acquire native lands to build a pipeline
                             through the interior of the state to the ice -free port of Valdez. A small group of
                             government and community leaders stepped in to oversee the task . These men--
                             including Johnson administration officials, a handful of Senate aides, and some
                             native leaders--wanted to avoid the standard reservation solution, which they
                             believed create only dependency and stasis . The result was a break from history:
                             They privatized the reservation. "We believed then, and I still believe now," says
                             Bill Van Ness, one of the Senate aides involved in the effort, "that we were creating
                             a revolution."

                             They cut a simple deal. The natives would give up most of the land they had hoped
                             to win, reducing their claims from more than 300 million acres to 44 million. In
                             return, the government would create special "native corporations " (more than 200 in
                             all), owned fully by natives --a $1.5 billion cash settlement from the federal
                             government was divided between them as seed money.

                             One of those pushing hardest for the bill was Ted Stevens, then a young,
                             conservative junior senator from Alaska. The deal, ideologically appealing for him,
                             would ultimately prove politically useful as well . While in the lower 48 states,
                             native reservations almost invariably voted for Democrats, the involvement of
                             Stevens's staff in creating these corporations helped to secure the loyalty of Alaska
                             natives . Locally, Eskimos often vote Democratic , but for 30 years, they have
                             steadfastly supported Stevens and the state 's Republican delegation in Congress--
                             largely, says Sarah Lukin of the Native American Contracting Association,
                             "because they've been such a great help to the natives and the ANCs [Alaskan
                             native Corporations]."

                            From the beginning, Stevens demonstrated not just a political but also a personal
                            stake in native advancement. Native leaders around the state still remember fondly
                            the senator's first wife, Ann, who during Stevens's early campaigns spent many
                            weeks in tiny villages and developed a real rapport with the natives there. "We'd tell
                            him, if you want our votes, don't come , just send Annie," a longtime Native leader
                            told me. (Ann Stevens died in a plane crash in 1978 .) Stevens eventually inserted an
                            exemption in the land claims settlement act that allowed native corporations to
                            ignore sole source contracting limits . At the time, few noticed the provision largely
                            because natives weren't exactly in a position to run government contracts. "We
                            spent our first years learning to spell 'corporation,"' remembers Willie Hensley, an
                            influential early native political leader who now works in Washington as a lobbyist
                            for the Alyeska Pipeline Corp . Life for the natives at the time was so rudimentary
                            that Hensley has called it the "twilight of the stone age."

                            Although well-intentioned, the plan to turn nomadic caribou hunters and fishermen
                            with no formal education into effective corporate managers was inherently
                            problematic. The natives mostly created enterprises that were inefficient and
                            returned little in the way of profits--zinc mines, timber logging, fish processing, etc.
                            "Basically," says Hensley, "they werejobs programs ." By the mid-1980s, most of
                            the corporations were floundering, and they returned to Stevens for help. The
                            senator worked to obtain additional benefits for them--most notably, loopholes in
                            tax law-but by 1992, the corporations were still having a hard time getting their
                            feet on the ground.

                            That's when Chugach, down to 12 employees and in bankruptcy, hired Mike
                            Brown. Brown was a native of Seward and had been a career Air Force officer,



               file://C:\Docutnents and Settings \ksclark\Local Settings\Temporary Internet Files\OLK89\0...            8/4/2009



                                                                                                                          PRA GSPO1_0007537
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                "Alaska, GOP Welfare State " by Benjamin Wallace-Wells                                                 Page 5 of 9



                             retiring as commander of an Alaskan base. He had dealt with contracts in the
                             service, and knew both that minority firms had some advantages in dealing with the
                             federal government and that Alaskan natives didn't seem to be earning much benefit
                            from them. Some months earlier, he had sent a lawyer to Anchorage to investigate,
                             and the attorney discovered that although the BIA listed Alaskan natives as an
                             "economically and socially disadvantaged group," the Small Business
                            Administration (SBA) did not. Brown convinced the SBA to list Alaskan natives as
                            eligible for minority small business loans, and realized, with gathering excitement,
                            that they had unique access to sole-source contracts. When he interviewed for the
                            job of running Chugach, Brown told the board, "If you hire me, it'll be to commit
                            completely to government contracting." They agreed.

                             Going native

                            Brown told me this story in mid-June in the Anchorage Sheraton's lobby restaurant
                            as tour organizers herded senior citizens into teams for cruises around Prince
                            William Sound. Brown is a little over 60 now, tall with a white mustache and still
                            prone to military expressions like "hit the head." The state's prosperity traces the arc
                            of his lifetime. When he was born in 1940, Anchorage had a population of 3,500;
                            today, it is home to 300,000. Brown is sometimes referred to in the press as the
                            "godfather" of native contracting, aad his face breaks into a wide and sudden grin
                            when I mention it. He has visible reasons to be proud: There are only a handful of
                            affluent-looking buildings in Anchorage, the kind of modem glass office structures
                            that signal wealth, but all of them seem to house either oil companies or native
                            corporations. "The ANCs," says University of Alaska economist Steven Colt, "have
                            become the state's establishment."

                            There's no natural reason why an out-of-the way place like Anchorage-a place so
                            far from the American mainland that Russia appears on the local TV station's
                            weather maps, but not Seattle--should have become a center of the government
                            contracting industry. Native corporations, however, were holding some valuable
                            cards. The combination of their sole-source contracting exemption and status as
                            minority-owned firms gave them an advantage over competitors, a benefit that
                            Brown leveraged. He began modestly with base management subcontracts, hiring
                            smart project managers he knew from the contracting world to run them. "Running
                            base services isn't rocket science," Brown told me.

                             But there were problems. Brown found that he couldn't find enough Eskimos with
                             management experience to run even these simple projects. By law, minority-owned
                             corporations and their subsidiaries are required to actually have a minority as CEO.
                             Brown had an ace up his sleeve: Like CEOs of many of the native organizations, he
                            had a tight relationship with Stevens and was able to get the senator on the phone.
                             Stevens soon got his colleagues to pass legislation exempting native companies
                            from the minority CEO rule. Then Chugach grew too big to qualify for programs
                            favoring small businesses; Stevens lobbied for and passed an amendment letting
                            native corporations retain their small business status regardless of how large they
                            become. And when Chugach began to approach the nine-year limit for a single
                            company's participation in the small business program, Stevens won yet another
                            statutory break allowing Alaskan native firms to create endless new subsidiaries so
                            that the parent firm could have indefinite access to contracts.

                            Chugach and other Alaska native programs that followed its lead were growing fast.
                            But as they set their aim for bigger contracts in the late 1990s, they realized that
                            they needed help navigating the complex world of Washington contracting. Again
                            Stevens came through. As chairman and longtime member of the Senate Defense



               file://C:\Documents and Settings\ksclark\Local Settings\Temporary Internet Files\OLK89\0...              8/4/2009


                                                                                                                         PRA GSP01_0007538
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                "Alaska, GOP Welfare State " by Benjamin Wallace-Wells                                                Page 6 of 9


                             Appropriations Subcommittee , he had dozens of former staffers and associates
                             working on K Street lobbying on behalf of defense contractors . They knew which
                             firms might be interested in partnering with the native corporations , and what doors
                             at which agencies to knock on . Pretty soon, most of the Eskimo corporations had
                             these former staffers on retainer . If the lobbyists hit an obstacle , they could get
                             Stevens himself to call government officials to push them to send contracts to the
                             native corporations . "Lobbying," says current Chugach Chair Sheri Buretta, became
                             "the backbone of the system."

                             In the end, though, it wasn't a very hard sell. The big contractors didn't need much
                             convincing that sole-source deals offered significant upsides . Contracting agents
                             within the federal bureaucracy also saw advantages --mostly, efficiency.
                             Competitive bidding is a complex and time -consuming process . Even though it
                             often leads to lower prices, it's not something contracting agents enjoy , especially
                             when facing tough deadlines.

                            The bureaucrats had another incentive as well: the constant pressure they face to
                            meet quotas for contracts to minority-owned and small businesses . Finding enough
                            such companies with the capacity to do the work, especially on big projects, can be
                            a nightmare . Eskimo-owned firms--which by then were not that small-provided an
                            ideal solution . "We needed to get our small business numbers up, but we can't send
                            a small business to run Los Alamos," Brad Bugger, a spokesman for the
                            Department of Energy, told me . "But because the Alaskan native firms are
                            exempted from the size limitations, we could send them a project that would make a
                            significant difference in our small business numbers ." So when the department
                            needed a new contractor to run the Idaho National Laboratory, that state's biggest
                            employer, it gave the job, on a sole-source basis, to an Alaskan native firm , Alutiiq.

                            Yet another party stood to benefit from native contracting . By 2001, Bush
                            administration officials saw in the sole- source exemption a way to privatize
                            government quickly . That year, a joint venture of two native corporations --Chenega
                            and Arctic Slope-won a no-bid, $2 .2 billion deal to operate the Defense Mapping
                            Agency, which uses sophisticated computer modeling to map potential battlefields.
                            The companies didn't have any of the technical experience these contracts
                            demanded, but they did have something else. Unfettered by the need to provide
                            civil service protections to their employees , they cut staff and streamlined
                            operations more aggressively than the federal government itself could have.

                            And then came the attacks of September 11, 2001. Instantly , officials all over
                            Washington were looking to spend lots of money on defense and homeland security
                            contracts, the sooner the better. The native corporations looked like perfect
                            vehicles. In 2003, Nana Pacific, another subsidiary of a native corporation, won a
                            $70 million award from the Defense Department to rebuild the Iraqi port of umm-
                            Qasr; it subcontracted with one of the world's leading port construction firms, SSA-
                            Marine, and handed off the operation of the contract . In another instance, currently
                            under investigation by the House Armed Services Committee, two large security
                            companies--Wackenhut and Vance International --won a series of sole-source
                            contracts collectively worth $180 million by partnering with Alaskan native firms.
                            Both companies had previously bid on similar contracts on their own and lost.

                            More West Virginia than Wild West

                            Alaska has a well-earned reputation as a rough , bootstrapping state, with a
                            boisterous, counter-establishment character . It is a place beyond the American
                            boundary, populated by gangly moose and whales, by hippies who head for the



               file://C:1Documents and Settings\ksclark\Local Settings\Temporary Internet Files\OLK89\0 ...            8/4/2009


                                                                                                                        PRA_GSP01_0007539
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                "Alaska, GOP Welfare State " by Benjamin Wallace-Wells                                                    Page 7 of 9



                             curving black mountain slopes, by those on a libertarian quest to get away from
                             places with rules . In downtown Anchorage , wobbly old 12-seat planes fly overhead,
                             bound for villages that can't be reached any other way, ferrying passengers in search
                             of ever more remote locales.

                             But while the state thrives on its identity as the last frontier , it is in many ways less
                             like the Wild West than West Virginia . Like its poor, rugged Appalachian cousin,
                             Alaska's economy is overwhelmingly dependent on other people 's tax money; it is
                             by far the nation's largest per capita recipient of federal cash. And , as with West
                             Virginia, it is represented in Washington by an aging senator who uses his
                             appropriations power to keep the state 's economy afloat almost single -handedly.

                             Stevens rivals his West Virginia counterpart, Democratic Sen. Robert Byrd, in his
                             ability to attract federal dollars. (Through his staff, Stevens declined interview
                             requests for this article .) Some Alaskan economists estimate that Stevens is
                             responsible for 10 percent of the state 's economy. Stevens and Byrd are good
                             friends, but in personal style, the two senators are near opposites : Byrd cultivates
                             the public persona of a florid Southern gentleman , using Senate speeches to deliver
                             elaborate appreciations of, say, the women of Congress , or the coming of Spring.
                             Stevens's public image is of a force - of-nature senator from a force-of-nature state;
                             when he brings appropriations bills to the Senate floor , the Alaskan wears a tie
                             featuring the Incredible Hulk ('cause he's so strong), and when he's angry, he wears
                             one depicting the Tasmanian Devil (' cause he might go crazy). But the more telling
                             difference between Stevens and Byrd is in the ways in which they use federal power
                             to do favors for their home states . But while Byrd has become a master of
                             harnessing federal largesse primarily by physically transferring as much of the
                             federal government as possible to his state -there is a reason, for instance, that the
                             FBI's crime lab is in West Virginia-- Stevens has branched in a different direction.
                             Instead of funneling tax dollars through federal agencies , he channels them through
                             federally dependent corporations.

                             This method is unquestionably more palatable to those who oppose the idea of
                             government handouts to the poor . But the laissez-faire Stevens system has some
                             significant downsides. For one, it distributes benefits unevenly . Those natives with
                             the political savvy and organization to take advantage of the system have
                             sometimes done very well. Those without it have floundered and the average native
                             income in Alaska is still $ 11,000, while the portion of natives living in poverty
                             continues to increase . The villagers in Tatitlik, shareholders in Chugach , love the
                             system : It has provided them not only with dividend checks, but a range of other
                             services, the kinds of things you might normally expect to come from government.
                             Chugach Alaska sponsors scholarships for the college-bound children of its
                             shareholders, and corporate internship programs after they graduate . The company
                             sends quarterly checks to the tribal elders to supplement social security and pays for
                             programs to preserve traditional languages and culture , which had been
                             dramatically fading. Perhaps most important to the villagers, says Tatitlik 's chief,
                             Kompkoff, "it makes you proud to be Chugach again ." Most Alaskan natives,
                             however, have gotten far fewer benefits, and some have received almost nothing at
                             all.

                             A more troubling downside is that some of the biggest dividends from the system
                             don't flow to natives at all, but to other players in the game : the lobbyists who put
                             the deals together, the principals who own the contracting firms, and even the
                             politicians . Stevens has built a mini- political machine using the loophole. His
                             loyalists run the Alaskan native corporations , delivering both votes and campaign
                             contributions and sending substantial fees for lobbying services to a handful of the



                file://C:\Documents and Settings\ksclark\Local Settings\Temporary Internet Files\OLK89\0...                 8/4/2009



                                                                                                                              PRA GSPOI_0007540
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 "Alaska, GOP Welfare State " by Benjamin Wallace-Wells                                                Page 8 of 9



                             senator's ex-staffers and close associates , including Stevens's brother-in-law and his
                             son. He returns favors to leading native corporation officials : In the 2005 Defense
                             appropriation, Stevens inserted a Be ordering the Air Force to spend $2.5 million
                             to buy a parcel of land from Jake Adams, president of Arctic Slope and a longtime
                             Stevens supporter. "I'm trying to help one family ," the senator told the Anchorage
                             Daily News. The system has even benefited Stevens personally : A recent Los
                             Angeles Times investigation found that Stevens had bought into an Anchorage
                             office tower which was then leased to Arctic Slope for $6 million per year.
                             Stevens's stake, which he originally bought for $50,000, is now worth more than $1
                             million. Congress, whose ethics system has recently been watered down by the
                             Republican leadership, has not launched any investigations.

                             All of which raises an obvious question: Who are these loopholes for?

                             What really drives the issue of native contracting is not political organizing or
                             lobbying pressure or constituent demands but a blunt moral calculation: How do
                             you repay historical debts and assuage a nation 's guilt? "We have given up an awful
                             lot to be part of this country, " says Buretta, the Chugach Corp. chair. "It doesn't
                             seem unfair that we're now getting a little bit back ." Buretta and others argue that
                             the program has helped the native corporations grow and that Chugach and others
                             are beginning to win competitive contracts . But these competitive deals still account
                             for only a slim minority of Chugach 's government business. And if the overarching
                             goal is to provide a better life for the Eskimos , it would be far simpler and many
                             times cheaper for the government to simply send along a check . It is hard to argue
                             that sluicing the tax dollars through no-bid contracting deals somehow makes
                             Alaska natives any less dependent upon political aid. Instead , it simply changes the
                             nature of what the natives are dependent on, from government welfare spending to
                             government loophole spending.

                             The question of whether these contracting schemes are really the best way to help
                             Alaskan natives deserves a serious debate . Instead, Washington seems to be shoring
                             up and expanding their special privileges . On the Democratic side, Sen. Daniel
                             Inouye (D-Hawaii) has already won certain contracting advantages for his islands'
                             natives that are modeled on, though not as substantial as, the Alaskan program.
                             Earlier this year, the Alaskan Natives joined with other contracting companies to
                             found the Native American Contracting Association , a new group whose goal is to
                             expand contracting opportunities and privileges to all American natives. In the
                             lower 48, several native contracting fi rms have entered the arena-a fun called
                             S&K Technologies , jointly owned by the Salish and Kootenai tribes is partnering
                             with Chugach on a base management contract for Iraq.

                             When the plugged-in Chickasaw tribe of Oklahoma lost out on a Defense
                             Department contract last year, they used their influence with Rep. Tom Cole (R-
                             Okla.) and the Bush administration to reign down holy terror on the DOD's
                             contracting officers . "If you'll excuse my language," one peeved DOD bureaucrat
                             told Indian Country Today, "the Chickasaws went ape shit. " And at last month's
                             national Native American conference in Green Bay , the nation's tribes--many of
                             which have been skeptical of, or outright opposed to , special exemptions for
                             Alaskan native corporations--voted to support the retention of the Alaskan
                             privileges.

                             Indian tribes aren't the only ones eager to see the exemption expanded . While some
                             in Washington are uneasy about its costs and corrupting effects, many in the GOP
                             leadership view it as a model for the kind of federal government they would like to
                             see more of. It is a privatized system that circumvents the civil service, enriches



                file://C:\Documents and Settings\ksclark\Local Settings\Temporary Internet Files\OLK89\0...             8/4/2009



                                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0007541
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                "Alaska, GOP Welfare State " by Benjamin Wallace-Wells                                          Page 9 of 9


                             politically-connected corporations, provides a trickle of money to the poor, and
                             secures Republican power. For some conservatives, in other words, the Eskimo                                       9
                             loophole is not a failed experiment in social engineering . It is the future.

                              Benjamin Wallace-Wells is an editor of The Washington Monthly.


                                     Mission Masthead Features Archive Writers Guidelines
                                  Feedback Customer Service Subscribe Online Make A Donation
                                               This site and all contents within are Copyright 0 2006
                                                The Washington Monthly 1319 F Street N.W. #710
                                                               Washington DC. 20004.
                                            Comments or questions ... please email editors by clicking here




               file://C:\Documents and Settings\ksclark\Local Settings\Temporary Internet Files\OLK89 \0...      8/4/2009



                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0007542
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                11/6 - A Legal System Run Amok                                                                                    Page 1 of 3


                Unknown

                 From :    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.gov]
                 Sent:     Tuesday, November 06, 2007 11:02 AM
                 To:       Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                 Subject: FW: Weekly: A Legal System Run Amok



                From : membershlp@uschamber.com [mailto:membership@uschamber.com]
                Sent: Tuesday, November 06, 2007 8:22 AM
                To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
                Subject: Weekly: A Legal System Run Amok




                                                                                               .c^
                   November 6, 2007
                                                       USsM.

                                                      FIG14TI NG FOR YOUR BUSINESS`



                   A Legal System Run Amok                                                           MEMBER
                   By Tom Donohue
                                                                                                     BENEFITS
                   How did we get to this point? We have allowed a deeply flawed legal system              Choose FedEx and Save
                   to infect and alter our democratic form of government, our civic life, and our    U.S. Chamber members enjoy
                   character as a people.                                                            discounts up to 20% on select F
                                                                                                     Express® services , up to 12% c
                   We see some courts, juries, prosecutors, attorneys general, and regulators        select FedEx Ground® service.
                   using the legal system not to enforce the law but to make the law. We see         15% on select FedEx Kinko'ssh
                   troubling attacks on the due process rights guaranteed to every American by       services.
                   ambitious prosecutors-including a frontal assault on the time-honored
                   tradition of attorney-client privilege. And we have seen America move             Members call 600-345-6227 an
                   towards a culture where everyone is a victim, where suing is the first and not    mention code 150-14 , or go to t
                   the last resort, and where any misfortune in life must always be someone          FedEx online benefits center foi
                   else's fault.                                                                     more information and to sign up

                   Join the conversation.                                                                        Benefits Guide


                                                                                                                        Q tn8 ^ 1Sl
                   Capital Roundup
                   Small Business Member Warns Against Onerous Retirement Fee
                   Disclosure Rules
                   U.S. Chamber member Harold Jackson of Buffalo Supply Inc. provided a
                   small business perspective on retirement benefits during a House Ways and
                   Means Committee hearing last week.                                                I Quips
                                                                                                     "I would argue that the business
                   Jackson, president and CEO of the Colorado-based medical equipment and            community has been involved v
                   supply company, warned committee members of the unintended effects of a           the green revolution for decade
                   proposed change to the fee disclosure requirements for companies                  least: [T]he business communit
                   sponsoring small business retirement benefits. A proposal by the Department       spent over the last 30 years abl
                   of Labor (DOL) and recently introduced legislation would require enhanced         trillion in environmental protecti'
                   disclosure for these types of providers, which would lead to "unreasonable        That's a lot of money."
                   administrative requirements, additional liabilities, and potential cost
                   increases," Jackson said.                                                         -Chamber Vice President of
                                                                                                     Environment, Technology and
                   View Jackson's testimony.                                                         Regulatory Affairs, Bill Kovacs,
                                                                                                     defending businesses ' climate
                   Committees Pass Climate Change , Tax Bills                                        change efforts on "The Diane R
                   In a tight 4-3 vote, a Senate Environment and Public Works subcommittee           Show," October 29
                   approved legislation that would, among other things, create a cap-and-trade
                   system in an effort to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. Under the bill, the        Event



                 11/9/2009



                                                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0007543
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                11/6 - A Legal System Run Amok                                                                                  Page 2 of 3



                   administration would place caps on carbon dioxide emissions from                       Keeping America 's Workforce
                   businesses . Beginning in 2012, companies would get allowances to release a                     Healthy
                   certain amount of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases, and could buy
                   or sell the permits on a market.                                                                  Nov. 15
                                                                                                               Washington, D.C.
                   Separately, the House Ways and Means Committee voted out an $80 billion           This event will discuss the merits of
                   bill that would delay the expansion of the alternative minimum tax for one        workplace wellness programs and
                                                                                                     the benefits of managing a healthy
                   year and extend dozens of tax breaks scheduled to expire at year's end.
                                                                                                     workforce.
                   However, to pay for these measures , the bill would tax carried interest of
                   private equity managers at a higher rate , and end deferred compensation             Register today.
                   plans for hedge fund managers who use offshore tax arrangements.

                   The Chamber opposes provisions in both of these short-sighted bills and is
                   working with Congress to come up with alternatives that preserve U.S. jobs
                   and competitiveness.

                   Learn more about the Chamber's competitiveness agenda.

                   Chamber Receives Grant to Study Corporate Giving           -
                   The U.S. Chamber's Business Civic Leadership Center (BCLC) has received
                   a grant from the Department of Commerce to conduct a first-of-its-kind study
                   on the effects of corporate citizenship on community and economic
                   development.

                   In partnership with Indiana University's Center on Philanthropy, BCLC's
                   Corporate Community Investment program will conduct a nationwide survey
                   and hold eight forums throughout the country. Several companies, including
                   Accenture, Allstate Insurance Company, Capital One, CVS Caremark, Fannie
                   Mae, JPMorgan Chase, PNC Financial Services Group, and Verizon
                   Communications, have joined BCLC's Corporate Community Investment
                   program and will be involved in the forums.

                   The first four forums will take place in Houston; Newark, N.J.; San Jose,
                   Calif.; and St. Louis. The remainder of the forum locations will be announced
                   in January.

                   Learn more.



                   Also In This Issue

                       · Regional News: Health Care, Unemployment, Immigration

                       · Small Business: Hiring'How To,' Part 3: Keeping It Legal

                       · Economy: Fed Reduces Funds Rate Again

                       · Chamber Busts Economic Myths

                       · Overtime Lawsuits Escalate

                       · Home Is Where Her Business Is




                                                         uschamber.com Weekly I Editor: John Reid
                                                           Writers: Sheryl) Poe, Giovanni Coratolo
                                                      You are subscribed as: governor©gov.state.ak.us

                                                             Receive as plain text I Unsubscribe




                11/9/2009



                                                                                                                                   PRA GSP0I_0007544
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                11/6 - A Legal System Run Amok                                                                                                      Page 3 of 3



                        The U. S. Chamber of Commerce is solely responsible for the editorial and advertising content in this newsletter . Advertisements
                                                do not constitute endorsement by the Alaska State Chamber of Commerce.


                        If you do not wish to receive U.S. Chamber messages related to the partnership, reply to this e-mail with REMOVE as the subject
                         line, or click here. To simply change your e-mail preferences or Small Business Center password, please update your profile on
                          your Subscription Management Page. You must follow these instructions in order to ensure that you are properly removed. For
                                more Information about U.S. Chamber member benefits , call our dedicated customer service line at 1-800-638-6582.


                                    THE UNTIF.t? STATES CHyMMRER OF COMJMERcE




                11/9/2009



                                                                                                                                                       PRA GSP01 0007545
