Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                            Page 1 of 3


                 Unknown

                  From :    Dwight Kramer [dwimar@gci.net]
                  Sent:     Tuesday, November 06, 2007 5:15 PM
                  To:       Lloyd; Denby S (DFG)
                  Cc:       Wagoner; Tom (LAA); Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored); John Hilsinger; Swanton; Charles 0
                            (DFG); Marcotte; Jim R (DFG)
                 Subject: Re: KAFC 08 UCI BOF Process Letter
                 Commissioner Lloyd,

                      Thank you for pointing out report timeline discrepancies, as you saw them, in our letter to the BOF.
                 Since we met separately in meetings with yourself and Director Hilsinger and then later with Directors
                 Hilsinger and Swanton there seems to be some variance in clarification of the dates mentioned. After polling
                 various members of our BOD that were present at those meetings our general consensus is that we heard
                 several of the reports would be out by Dec. 1 with the Susitna Mark Re-Capture Study possibly available
                 sooner, and that you would encourage your staff to have all other reports out at least a month before the BOF
                 meeting. We would not have been satisfied with a protocol that called for all other reports being available 2
                 weeks prior to the meeting.

                    We became alarmed when we received an e-mail from Department staff stating that many of the reports
                 would be made available to the BOF 2 weeks prior to the meeting with no mention of dates for
                 public distribution. (see e-mail message below) This brought back memories of the 05 UCI BOF meeting
                 when we didn't see some of the reports until the first day of the meeting on the information table. There was
                 also no mention of any Coho reports on his list.

                     We have been expressing these concerns since this Spring in hopes of improving the availability of the
                 most recent data so that all groups, AC's and individuals can assess proposals accordingly. Without timely
                 information assumptions in comments to the Board may be incorrect and of little help to the process. I know
                 we aren't the only ones that share these concerns.

                     I believe we share the same desire to make the process better and look forward to working with you and
                 your staff on identifying areas of improvement as we transition through this board cycle. We support you as
                 Commissioner and fully understand some of the difficulties your staff faces in regards to these issues. As I
                 mentioned to you this summer, we appreciate your proactive style and the manner in which you directed the
                 fisheries management in Cook Inlet this past season.

                     Our desire is to help the Departmentand the Board, in any way we can, to provide a fair and ethical arena
                 for development of the regulation process. If we can be of further assistance please don't hesitate to call.

                 Thanks Again,

                 Dwight Kramer - KAFC




                Ken.

                Attached is the current list of written reports expected at the BOF meeting. I don't think this will .
                change. The dates are still up in the air except they are to be available to the BOF roughly two weeks
                prior to the BOF meeting . I do know the genetics and the effects of overescapemen are to be
                available to the public sooner than that . Hoge this helps.


                 11/9/2009



                                                                                                                                 PRA_GSP01_0007553
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                     Page 2 of 3



                 Tray Lingnau



                                                                         DRAFT
                          Current list of BOF reports:

                          1. Review of Upper Cook Inlet Commercial Salmon Fishery, 2007 (AMR): Fox, Shields

                          2. 2007 Recreational Fisheries Overview for Northern Kenai Peninsula: Begich

                          3. 2007 Recreational Fisheries Overview for Northern Cook Inlet: Rutz

                          4. Escapement Goals for Salmon Stocks in Upper Cook Inlet, Alaska: Fair, Hasbrouck

                          5. Inriver Abundance and Spawner Distribution of Susitna River Sockeye Salmon Oncorhynchus
                             nerka, 2006: Yanusz, et al

                          6. Biological and Fishery Related Aspects of Overescapement in Alaskan Sockeye Salmon
                             Oncorhynchus nerka: Clark, et al

                          7. Post season stock composition analysis of Upper Cook Inlet
                             sockeye salmon harvest: Templin

                  - Original Message ----
                  From: Lloyd, Denby S (DFG)
                  To: Dwight Kramer
                  Cc: Wagoner, Tom (LAA) ; Governor Sarah Patin (GOV sponsored) ; John Hilsinger ; Swanton, Charles 0
                  (DFG) ; Marcotte. Jim R (DFG)
                  Sent: Monday, November 05, 2007 6:23 PM.
                  Subject: RE: KAFC 08 UCI BOF Process Letter

                  Dwight:

                  I appreciate your comments regarding BOF process; many of your suggestions warrant consideration.

                  I do need to correct a misapprehension of yours however. Your letter indicates that I, and a couple division
                  directors, promised that "the reports [from the department to the Board of Fisheries] would be completed by
                  Dec. 1, 2007 and at the latest 30 days prior to the BOF meeting" and that you've now been informed that they
                  will not be available prior to mid-January.

                  Actually, my commitment to you and other interest groups in Cook Inlet was that two specific reports (on
                  sockeye overescapement and on sockeye genetic stock identification) and likely the Cook Inlet salmon
                  escapement goal review, would be available by December 1. Our intention still is to have those reports
                  completed and available to the public by December 1. As for more standard reports to the BOF, those are
                  being prepared and distributed according to general BOF protocols, with which I understand you have concern
                  but which were not part of our commitments regarding the special reports identified above. If you would have
                  checked with staff or me prior to sending out your letter, you would have been assured as much.

                  If you have any other questions, please let us know.

                  Take care, DL.


                  Denby S. Lloyd




                 11/9/2009



                                                                                                                       PRA_GSP01_0007554
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                        Page 3 of 3


                    Commissioner
                    Alaska Department of Fish and Game
                    P 0. Box 115526
                    Juneau, AK 99811-5526
                    907-465-4719




                   From: Dwight Kramer [mailto:dwimar @gci.net]
                   Sent: Monday, November 05, 2007 5:05 PM
                   To: Marcotte, Jim R (DFG)
                   Cc: Wagoner, Tom (I.AA); Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored ); John Hilsinger; Swanton, Charles 0 (DFG);
                   Lloyd, Denby S (DFG)
                   Subject: KAFC 08 UCI BOF Process Letter

                    Dear Mr. Marcotte,

                       I have attached an advanced copy of a letter to BOF Chairman Morris and the Board . This letter
                   outlines concerns that our organization , Kenai Area Fisherman 's Coalition , has regarding process matters
                   relating to the upcoming 08 UCI meeting . We are planning on attending the LCI meeting this month and would
                   like to discuss and clarify these issues with Chairman Morris , Board members , yourself and department staff at
                   their's and your convenience.

                       Thank you for the opportunity to present these concerns to the Board.

                   Dwight Kramer
                   KAFC Chairman 283-1054




                  11/9/2009



                                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0007555
