Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                  gov.sarah@yahoo.com
             Sent:                   Tuesday, November 06, 2007 6:18 PM
             To:                     Kreitzer, Annette E (DOA)
             Cc:                     Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
             Subject :               Re: APOC Ongoing Investigations


             Thank you Annette. I just heard this on the news, also. Sounds like apoc is making it work
             within DOJ's confines. I support their efforts.

             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



             -----Original Message-----

             From: "Kreitzer, Annette E (DOA)" <annette.kreitzer@alaska.gov>




             Date: The, 06 Nov 2007 18:07:32

             To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

             Cc:"Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>

             Subject: FW: APOC Ongoing Investigations




             Governor:

             You had asked about the status of ongoing APOC investigations as a result of the DOJ
             letter the State received asking the Department of Law to not interfere in any DOJ
             investigation currently ongoing.  In light of that, I asked Brooke miles to let me know
             what the APOC has decided to do as they received similar advice from the DOJ. Apparently,
             the staff at APOC is having a difficult time reaching Mr. Welch the DOJ representative who
             signed the letter asking APOC to not interfere with ongoing federal investigations, and so
             APOC is seeking a local contact. Here is Brooke's Nov. 2 email to me, followed by the
             most recent communication.  Let me know if you have any questions.

             ak




            Annette,



            ...(personal communication to AK),,,



            Here is the latest on the APOC investigation. After our budget hearing on Wednesday last
            week, the Commission voted to direct APOC staff to continue its ongoing investigations
            into illegal campaign contributions arising from polls, re-payment of campaign
            contributions by VECO executives, etc. as well as potential violations of the lobbying law
            or the financial dislcosure laws. On Thursday, Jeff Berliner and I talked with William
            Welsh and he followed up with the attached letter. I am currently in the process of
                                                                1




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0007576
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             rounding up a quorum of APOC members to determine what course of action they want staff to
             follow at this point .  I will be sure to keep you informed so that when you asked about
             this situation , you know the most recent news.



             Brooke




             From: Miles ,   Brooke (DOA)

              Sent :   Tuesday , November 06, 2007 12:00 PM

              To: Kreitzer , Annette E (DOA)

              Cc: Petro, Rachael A (DOA);      Frye ,   Ivy J (DOA)

              Subject: APOC Ongoing Investigations




             Annette,




             I want to let you know that the Commission approved staff's suggestion that we look into
             establishing a liaison relationship with someone here in Anchorage who is with the
             Department of Justice , Public Integrity Section assigned to work on the ongoing federal
             investigations in Alaska .  They approved that idea , and stand by their direction that APOC
             staff continue its investigation into violations of the state's campaign disclosure,
             financial disclosure , and lobbying laws . Please let me know if you have questions or
             concerns . Thanks.




             Brooke Miles




                                                                 2




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0007577
