Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Unknown
               From:                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
               Sent :                  Tuesday, November 06, 2007 6:20 PM
               To:                     Kreitzer, Annette E (DOA); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
               Subject:                Re: Legislative contact


               DNR is most appropriate to answers these questions, I agree. Has Tom or Dick been cc'd on
               this? If not, please make sure they're in the loop and not blindsided by Lyda's efforts.

               Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



               -----Original Message-----

               From: "Kreitzer, Annette E (DOA)" <annette.kreitzer@alaska.gov>




               Date: Tue, 06 Nov 2007 18:01:27

               To:"Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>, gov.sarah@yahoo.com

               Subject: FW: Legislative contact




               FYI.   I mentioned that Vern was responding to questions when I spoke to Governor Palin
               today.

               ak




               From: Jones, Vern 0 (DOA)

                Sent: Tuesday, November 06, 2007 2:00 PM

                To: Kreitzer, Annette E (DOA)

                Cc: Brooks ,   Kevin A (DOA);   Beecher ,   Carol L (DOA);      Frye ,   Ivy J ( DOA); Petro,   Rachael A
               (DOA)

                Subject: Legislative contact



               Notification of Legislative or Press Contact



               1.   Name of Representative/Senator/Reporter & Publication:                   Ginger Blaisdell, Senator
               Green's office
                                                                      1




                                                                                                                 PRA_GSP01_0007574
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              2.   Date of Contact:     November 6, 2007



              3.   Subject:      Mat Maid Disposal



             4.   Nature of Issue or Contact:   Ginger had several questions regarding the Mat Maid
             disposal; whether it was exempt from our normal disposal procedures, the propriety of the
             appeal process, potential conflicts of interest, confusion on scoring criteria, and the
             board's ability to reject bidders. She also mentioned that Legislative Audit is looking
             into the matter.



             5.   Agency Action or Response: This disposal is exempt from the Procurement Code per AS
             03.10.050(g).   I stated that part of the confusion on scoring criteria is probably a
             result of the form of the disposal; they're calling it an RFP and asking for proposals,
             but it appears to be a bid. There are no evaluation criteria because they will be
             awarding to the highest bidder who meets their minimum bid - so the only criteria is the
             bid price.   Ginger stated that one board member, who is also a farmer, is likely to be a
             bidder.   Since the board will be evaluating bids, he may be in a position to evaluate his
             own bid, or to obtain information not available to other bidders. She also mentioned that
             one of the potential bidders is the father-in-law of the Ag Director. I directed her to
             DNR for a response to these questions, since I don't know if they have a process in place
             to avoid conflicts of interest. She inquired about the appeal process (she stated that
             the RFP directs bidders to address appeals to the board, not the DNR Commissioner, which
             she felt would be more appropriate). She also questioned an amendment to the RFP that
             gives the board the right to reject any proposal, without listing any criteria for
             rejection.   I have not been involved in this project since it is exempt from our
             oversight, so I directed her to DNR for a response to these questions as well. I have
             left messages with DNR Lead Procurement Specialist Marlys Hagen and Administrative
             Services Director Nico Bus to inform them of the inquiry.



             6.    Your Name :   Vern Jones



             7.    Your Phone:    465-5684




             8.    Division/Department:        Division of General Services, Department of Administration




                                                                 2




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01 0007575
