Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
              Sent:                    Tuesday, November 06, 2007 10:45 AM
              To:                      crickett@uaa.alaska.edu
              Subject:                 RE: Other


              Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
              information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
              unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
              being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
              need, suggestion, or comment.




              -----Original Message-----

              From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMailogov.state.ak.us]

              Sent: Monday, November 05, 2007 2:36 PM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Subject: Other




              Web mail from: Ms. Crickett Watt

              address: 3211 Providence Drive Anchorage AK 99508

               907-786-1896




              MESSAGE:

              Greetings from the University of Alaska Anchorage Student Union.



              We had a dress up day for some students and staff. One of our students dressed up as
              Governor Palin. We thought this was a fantastic photo of look-alikes! In fact our entire
              staff at the University of Alaska Anchorage Student Union was thrilled with the way the
              picture turned out and we voted to send it along to you.



              As our own Megan Steiner resembles Governor Palin so much, we thought you would like some
              information about this incredible young college student and future star of Alaska:



              Megan Steiner is a 3rd year Nursing and Spanish major at the University of Alaska
              Anchorage. She is the 20-year-old daughter of John Steiner,ASD Board member. Megan is a
              life-long Alaskan. She plans to pursue her nursing career in the Anchorage area.



              She has volunteered at Providence Hospital in the NICU and the Adult Critical Care Unit.
              She has also volunteered at the Francis Shelter Food Pantry. At UAA she has volunteered to
              help with the Concert Programs and works in the Student Union.
                                                                   1




                                                                                                            PRA GSPOI_0007556
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              in high school she was in the Chugiak swing choir and traveled

              with the group to New York City in 2003, winning the national

              competition. She is a 2005 graduate of Chugiak High School.

              Meg has traveled abroad, enjoys the Alaskan outdoors, acting in

              community theater and improving the quality of life for those around her.



              As Megan's supervisor since August 2006, I can assure you she is an intelligent,
              articulate and incredibly wonderful young woman. As the leader of the state of Alaska, I
              thought you might like to know about your younger, very gifted "look alike" and feel proud
              of what Alaska has to offer in this next generation.



              For a picture of you and Meg side by side , please go to the site:



              http://iS?.photobucket.com/albums/kl21/zacclark/PalinHalloween.jpg



             ,Thank you for letting me share a bit about this terrific UAA student!




             crickett@uaa.alaska.edu




                                                            2




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0007557
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                  Nominate a Teacher Today                                                                        Page 1 of 2


                  Unknown

                  From :    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
                  Sent:     Tuesday, November 06, 2007 2:22 PM
                  To:       Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                  Subject: FW: Nominate a Teacher Today



                 From: National Center for Family Literacy [mailto:ToyotaTeacher@famlit.org]
                 Sent: Tuesday, November 06, 2007 11:33 AM
                 To: Governor Sarah Pailn (GOV sponsored)
                 Subject: Nominate a Teacher Today




                          The National Center for Family Literacy
                             creating a literate nation by leveraging the power of the faniily




                             November 6, 2007


                             Nominations Sought for 2008
                             Toyota Family Literacy Teacher of the Year

                             The National Center for Family Literacy and Toyota are accepting
                             applications for the 2008 Toyota Family Literacy Teacher of the Year.

                             For the first time, the application process is online
                             at www.famlit.org/ToyotaTeacher.

                             The deadline to submit nominations is Dec. 5, 2007.

                             The winner will be chosen by a panel of family literacy specialists at
                             NCFL, who will review nominations for high-performing teachers from
                             across the United States.

                             The selected educator will receive a cash prize for his/her program and a
                             free trip to the 2008 National Conference on Family Literacy, where
                             he/she will be honored at the opening general session on March 30th,
                             2008, in Louisville. In addition, several finalists will be honored.

                             Here are the guidelines:

                                 The online nomination form should be completed by the program
                                   director or coordinator
                                 It must include a statement of support for the nominated educator
                                   written by a parent/adult student
                                 Programs may nominate up to two educators
                                 Programs and nominated educators do not have to be associated


                 11/9/2009



                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0007558
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 Nominate a Teacher Today                                                                     Page 2 of 2


                                     with Toyota-funded programs
                                    The nominated educator cannot have been a finalist in the past
                                     three years

                               For award information and additional guidelines, go to
                               www.famlit.org /Toyot a Teacher.


                               Call for Proposals Deadline Extended

                               NCFL will accept Call for Concurrent Session Proposals through Friday,
                               November 9. To submit your proposal online, go to
                               www.famlit.org/conference.

                               17th Annual National Conference on-Family Literacy
                               Literacy Grows Families and Communities
                               March 30, 31 & April 1, 2008
                               Louisville, Kentucky

                               Visit www.famlit.org/conference to register now for the National
                               Conference on Family Literacy. Register early and save!


                                        http://www.famlit.oro I         privacy policy I contact us



                                               Copyright 2007 National Center for Family Literacy.



                 Remove yourself from all mailings from National Center for Family Literacy.




                 11/9/2009



                                                                                                               PRA GSPO1_0007559
