Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                            Page 1 of 1



                  Unknown

                   From:     Kreitzer , Annette E (DOA) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                             GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=AEKREITZERJ
                   Sent:     Tuesday, November 06, 2007 6:08 PM
                   To:       'gov.sarah@yahoo.com'
                   Cc:       Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
                   Subject : FW: APOC Ongoing Investigations

                Governor:
                You had asked about the status of ongoing APOC investigations as a result of the DOJ letter
                the State received asking the Department of Law to not interfere in any DOJ investigation
                currently ongoing. In light of that, I asked Brooke Miles to let me know what the APOC has
                decided to do as they received similar advice from the DOJ. Apparently, the staff at APOC is
                having a difficult time reaching Mr. Welch the DOJ representative who signed the letter asking
                APOC to not interfere with ongoing federal investigations, and so APOC is seeking a local
                contact. Here is Brooke's Nov. 2 email to me, followed by the most recent communication. Let
                me know if you have any questions.
                ak
                Annette,

                 ...(personal communication to AK)...

                Here is the latest on the APOC investigation . After our budget hearing on Wednesday last week , the Commission
                voted to direct APOC staff to continue its ongoing investigations into illegal campaign contributions arising from
                polls, re-payment of campaign contributions by VECO executives, etc. as well as potential violations of the
                lobbying law or the financial disccosure laws. On Thursday, Jeff Berliner and I talked with William Welsh and he
                followed up with the attached letter. I am currently in the process of rounding up a quorum of APOC members to
                determine what course of action they want staff to follow at this point. I will be sure to keep you informed so that
                when you asked about this situation, you know the most recent news.

                Brooke



                From : Miles, Brooke (DOA)
                Sent: Tuesday, November 06, 2007 12:00 PM
                To: Kreitzer, Annette E (DOA)
                Cc: Petro, Rachael A (DOA); Frye, Ivy I (DOA)
                Subject: APOC Ongoing Investigations

                Annette,

                I want to let you know that the Commission approved staffs suggestion that we look into establishing a liaison
                relationship with someone here in Anchorage who is with the Department of Justice, Public Integrity Section
                assigned to work on the ongoing federal investigations in Alaska . They approved that idea , and stand by their
                direction that APOC staff continue its investigation into violations of the state 's campaign disclosure , financial
                disclosure, and lobbying laws. Please let me know if you have questions or concerns . Thanks.

                Brooke Miles




                8/28/2009



                                                                                                                                PRA_GSP01_0007600
