Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                        Page 1 of 1



                  Unknown

                  From:    Smith, Lynne M (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                           GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS /CN=LMSMITH1j
                  Sent: ' Wednesday, November 07, 2007 10:39 AM
                  To:     'gov. sarah@yahoo.com'
                  Subject: Letter to principals

                Good morning Governor,

                Here is the letter to the principals. By the time it got through proofing, you had
                already left. We were going to have you sign it, but rather than wait until next
                week, I will just have the machine sign it, if that is all right with you.

                Lynne



                Text of Letter to Principals.

                Dear

                A recently publicized study by researchers at Johns Hopkins University falsely
                labeled seven Alaska high schools, including yours, as "dropout factories."

                I want you to know that neither I nor anyone in my administration believe this
                inflammatory label is accurate or fair. I know that you and your staff work hard to
                educate every student and to offer extra attention for any student who is at risk of
                dropping out.

               Anything that harms the pubic confidence in our schools only makes educators' jobs
               more difficult.   Therefore, we cannot allow erroneous opinions to dampen our spirits
               or sabotage our collaborative efforts to meet the needs of our students. Ultimately,
               the dropout problem will be alleviated by parents, community members, and educators
               working together.

               After examining the study, we know that it does not assess either graduation rates or
               dropout rates.  Those rates are not hidden. They are publicly available in school
               district and state report cards to the public.

               Rather than using the most relevant data, the study compares the number of seniors
               with the number of freshmen from four years before. The study does not distinguish
               between students who drop out and students who transfer to another school or who move
               out of Alaska.

               We all recognize that, like every other state in the nation, Alaska does have a
               serious dropout problem. I know that Alaskans are working at the community, school
               district, and state levels to address this problem. I regret that your good work has
               been denigrated with false labels.

               As your governor , I want you to know that my administration and.I stand shoulder-to-
               shoulder with you in your committed efforts to educate the youth of Alaska as you
               prepare them to be successful , productive adults.

                                                                  Sincerely,

                                                                  Sarah Palin
                                                                  Governor




               8/26/2009



                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0007615
