Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                         Page 1 of 1



                   Unknown

                   From :    Schmidt, Joseph D (DOC) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                             GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=JDSCHMIDTI
                   Sent:     Tuesday, November 06, 2007 8:49 AM
                   To:       'chris stewar
                   Cc:       Palin; Sarah H (GOV); Schmitz; Richard F (DOC); Edwards; Samuel E (DOC); Peeples; Dwayne B
                             (DOC)
                   Subject: RE: Arizona

                 Mr. Steward,

                 Thanks for the heads up. On one hand, we are glad that a Native culture banquet can take place so far away, but
                 we certainly don't expect family members to be held beyond the time they wish to leave. Our Deputy
                 Commissioner was present at the banquet and was moving in and out during the time you mentioned. I'll cc this e
                 mail to Richard Schmitz, our liaison and communications person so he can look into this. If you have exact times
                 and possibly others who were also part of this situation Richard would appreciate it. Some limitation of free
                 movement out of a secure facility is to be expected, but we should know more about this.

                 Thank you

                 Joe


                 From: chris stewart [mailto:chriswls@acsalaska.net]
                 Sent: Tuesday, November 06, 2007 8:01 AM
                 To: Schmidt, Joseph D (DOC)
                 Cc: Patin, Sarah H (GOV)
                 Subject: arizona

                 Dear Commissioner Schmidt,

                On October 19, 2007 I flew 2 of my grandchildren down to Eloy to see their father and attend the Native culture
                banquet. First of all I would like to thank you very much for letting the inmates have the banquets. It means so
                much to the families to have that special time together.
                The main reason I am writing is that the banquet ended at 3:30 but instead of letting everyone. leave the facility we
                were all taken into the visiting room and were told that we could not leave until count cleared. There were
                approximately 25 of us. It was 5:15 before we were allowed to leave the facility.
                What I would like to know is, since we have nothing to do with the facility or the outcome of the prisoner
                count why were we detained for so long and who authorized our detention? To me this was very wrong and
                maybe even illegal. I would very much appreciate it if you would get back with me on this. Being detained like that
                was very upsetting to quite a few of us. Thank you so much for your time. God Bless. Chris Stewart
                phriswIs(acsalaska.net




                 8/26/2009



                                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0007603
