Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                            Page 1 of 1



                  Unknown

                  From:    Kreitzer, Annette E (DOA) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                           GROUP/CN=RECI PIENTS/CN=AEKRE ITZERj
                  Sent:    Tuesday, November 06, 2007 6:01 PM
                  To:      Tibbles; Michael A (GOV);'gov.sarah@yahoo.com'
                  Subject: FW: Legislative contact

                FYI. I mentioned that Vern was responding to questions when I spoke to Governor Palin today.
                ak


                From: Jones, Vern 0 (DOA)
                Sent: Tuesday, November 06, 2007 2:00 PM
                To: Kreitzer, Annette E (DOA)                                 -
                Cc: Brooks, Kevin A (DOA); Beecher, Carol L (DOA); Frye, Ivy 3 (DOA); Petro, Rachael A (DOA)
                Subject: Legislative contact

                                                     Notification of Legislative or Press Contact
                1. Name of Representative/Senator/Reporter & Publication: Ginger Blaisdell, Senator Green 's office

               2. Date of Contact: November 6, 2007

               3. Subject: Mat Maid Disposal

               4. Nature of Issue or Contact: Ginger had several questions regarding the Mat Maid disposal ; whether it was
                                              exempt from our normal disposal procedures , the propriety of the appeal process,
                                              potential conflicts of Interest, confusion on scoring criteria , and the board's ability
                                              to reject bidders . She also mentioned that Legislative Audit Is looking Into the
                                              matter.

               5. Agency Action or Response : This disposal is exempt from the Procurement Code per AS 03.10.050(g). 1 stated
                                               that part of the confusion on scoring criteria is probably a result of the form of the
                                               disposal ; they're calling It an RFP and asking for proposals , but It appears to be a
                                               bid. There are no evaluation criteria because they will be awarding to the highest
                                               bidder who meets their minimum bid - so the only criteria is the bid price . Ginger
                                               stated that one board member, who is also a farmer, Is likely to be a bidder. Since
                                               the board will be evaluating bids, he may be In a position to evaluate his own bid, or
                                               to obtain information not available to other bidders . She also mentioned that one of
                                              the potential bidders Is the father-in-law of the Ag Director. I directed her to DNR
                                              for a response to these questions , since I don 't know if they have a process In
                                              place to avoid conflicts of interest She inquired about the appeal process (she
                                              stated that the RFP directs bidders to address appeals to the board, not the DNR
                                              Commissioner, which she felt would be more appropriate). She also questioned an
                                              amendment to the RFP that gives the board the right to reject any proposal,
                                              without listing any criteria for rejection . I have not been involved in this project
                                              since It Is exempt from our oversight, so I directed her to DNR for a response to
                                              these questions as well . I have left messages with DNR Lead Procurement
                                              Specialist Marlys Hagen and Administrative Services Director Nico Bus to inform
                                              them of the inquiry.

               6. Your Name: Vern Jones

               7. Your Phone: 465-5684

               8. Division/Department: Division of General Services , Department of Administration




               8/26/2009



                                                                                                                                PRA_GSP01_0007604
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 ceonews                                                                                                          Page 1 of 3


                 Unknown

                 From :     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
                 Sent :     Wednesday, November 07, 2007 10:24 AM
                 To:        Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                 Subject: FW: ceonews - November 2007



                From : Chief Executives Organization [mailto:ceonews@ceo.org]
                Sent: Wednesday, November 07, 2007 10:15 AM
                To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
                Subject : ceonews - November 2007




                 A monthly e-newsletter for members                                                               NOVEMBER 200

                                                                                                a
                             1                                           International President Jim Martin Takes the Helm
                                                                         Florence University Faculty Invited to Speak at
                 IN MEMORIAM                                   Aspen Institute
                               Patricia "Patsy"                          Rocks & Crocs College - Get a Sneak Peek of
                               Alshuler, wife of CEO           Australia's Remote Northwest Coast
                               Past President Robert                     Examine the Forces Shaping the Changing World of
                               E. "Bob" Alshuler               Literature
                               (Deceased November                        Florence University Symposiums - Immerse Yourself
                               2006); Newport Coast,           in Italian Culture
                 California, USA; passed away 25                         2008 Winter Games In St. Moritz - Register Now
                 October 2007. Click here to view the                    Reverend Theodore M. Hesburgh . CSC Inducted into
                 obituary.                                     the Smithsonian
                                                        lac;


                                                         International President Jim Martin Takes the Helm
                                                                            CEOer Jim Martin began his term as CEO
                                                                            International President this month . A 1993 YPO
                                                                           graduate , Jim has been on the CEO Board since
                                                                            1999 and has attended more than 30 CEO events
                                                                           with his wife, Tam, chairing Barcelona University in
                                                                           2004 . Besides his Involvement with CEO, Jim is
                                                                           the chairman and chief executive officer of
                                                                           ImagePoint, the largest supplier of on-site image
                                                                           and merchandising solutions, and serves on
                                                                           several corporate and civic boards . Born and
                                                                           raised In farming country, Jim graduated from
                                                                           DePauw University with a bachelor's degree and
                                                                           from Indiana University with a master's degree in
                                                                           business administration. more

                                                         Florence University Faculty Invited to Speak at Aspen Institute

                                                                           Next month , many of the Florence University
                                                                           faculty members will be speaking at the Aspen
                                                                           Institute, an international nonprofit organization
                                                                           dedicated to fostering enlightened leadership and
                                                                           open-minded dialogue through seminars , policy
                                                                           programs , conferences and leadership



                11/9/2009



                                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0007605
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                  ceonews
                                                                                                                         Page 2 of 3


                                                                 development initiatives . As part of the Aspen
                                                                 Institute's "Arts & Ideas Series ," Bill Cook, Ross
                                                                 King, William Wallace and Dava Sobel will
                                                                 examine the explosion in both the arts and ideas in
                                                                 Renaissance Florence, demonstrating how it
                                                                 shapes the world today. more



                                                  Rocks & Crocs College - Get a Sneak Peek of Australia's
                                                  Remote Northwest Coast
                                                                Join College Chairs Ross & Fiona Adler for an
                                                                extraordinary nine-day adventure exploring the
                                                                rugged , yet beautiful Australian coastline . From 9-
                                                                18 June 2008 , you will enjoy gourmet food, fine
                                                                wines and supreme comfort aboard the luxurious
                                                                Orion yacht - as you travel from Broome to Darwin.
                                                                more

                                                 Examine the Forces Shaping the Changing World of Literature
                                                                Join Host Jim Bildner from 13-15 January 2008 for
                                                                the Inside Look: The World of Literature , a first-of-
                                                                its-kind program which addresses crucial questions
                                                                about the future of the book. Featuring a kick-off
                                                                panel of industry executives as well as guided
                                                                tours of some of New York City's most important
                                                                historic literary sites , this intense two-day program
                                                                will follow three tracks : writing , literature and
                                                                publishing. more

                                               - Florence University Symposiums - Immerse Yourself in Italian
                                                  Culture
                                                               Meet the most famous Medicis , spend a day in the
                                                               footsteps of a monk or simply savor Tuscany's
                                                               flavorful cuisine and celebrated wines . In lieu of
                                                               PreAcademies, CEO has added seven unique
                                                               Symposiums from 6- 11 May 2008 : A Medici
                                                               Symposium; "From the Ancients" Symposium; The
                                                               Republic of Siena Symposium ; An Architectural
                                                               Symposium; Patronage in the Arts Symposium; 8
                                                               Taste of Tuscany Symposium ; and Medieval
                                                               Tuscany and Monastic Life Symposium. more

                                                2008 Winter Games in St. Moritz - Register Now
                                                               Join CEO and Penny Pitou, an Olympic double
                                                               silver medalist who has led dozens of ski trips in
                                                             1 the Alps, for the 2008 CEO Winter Games from 22
                                                               February - 1 March 2008 . Led by Hosts Don and
                                                               Melrose Burr, the games will be held in the elegant
                                                               old-world resort village of St . Moritz, Switzerland.
                                                               more



                                                Reverend Theodore M. Hesburah. CSC Inducted Into the
                                                Smithsonian

                                                               CEO legend Father Hesburah was recently feted
                                                               for his outstanding service and leadership in
                                                               support of civil rights - marked most prominently by
                                                               his service on the US Commission on Civil Rights -
                                                               and for his involvement in many major national and
                                                               international social issues . The celebration
                                                               featured the inclusion of a photograph of Father
                                                               Hesburgh into the Smithsonian Institution's



                11/9/2009



                                                                                                                         PRA_GSP01_0007606
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                ceonews                                                                                                                                 Page 3 of 3


                                                                                           National Portrait Gallery 's permanent collection.
                                                                                           The image captures Father Hesburgh and the
                                                                                           Reverend Martin Luther King Jr. linking hands in
                                                                                           solidarity during a civil rights rally at Soldier Field in
                                                                                           Chicago in 1964.more

                 Add infoCalceo. ora, ceonewskdceo .ora, and ceoheadcupiterst ceo.ora to your list of allowed senders , to ensure that a-mails you receive from
                 CEO are not blocked by SPAM filters.

                 Forgot your Usemame or Password ? Contact Senior Software Development Manager William Kalata.

                                                               CHIEF EXECUTIVES ORGANIZATION
                                             7920 Norfolk Avenue, Suite 400, Bethesda Maryland 20814-2507 USA
                                                   T : 1.301.656.9220 F : 1.301.656.9221 E : info a^ceo.orq
                                                                                                  (
                                                                        www.ceo.orq

                                                                   Unsubscribe from this mailing list




                11/9/2009



                                                                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01 0007607
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 The Family Press Event                                                                                    Page 1 of 2


                 Unknown

                 From:     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.gov]
                 Sent:     Wednesday, November 07, 2007 8:48 AM
                 To:       Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                 Subject: FW: The Family: America's Smallest School




                 From: Educational Testing Service [mailto:outreach@ets.org]
                 Sent: Wednesday, November 07, 2007 5:13 AM
                 To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
                 Subject: The Family: America's Smallest School


                                                                                                                      !b




                   Dear Colleague:

                   Research and common sense confirm how important family and home life are to a child's
                   education . Family and home are where children begin learning and where they develop
                   lifelong learning habits. That's why a new ETS Policy Information Center report , The Family:
                   America 's Smallest School, should send alarm bells pealing in every legislative body in the
                   country.

                   According to the report, families are under stress in ways that undermine children 's ability to
                   learn, their readiness for school, and even the likelihood that they will catch up to peers who
                   have passed them by as early as primary school.

                   As the report shows , with regard to educational support available in the home , we remain a
                   nation of haves and have-nots. Too many children live in poverty ; too many families suffer
                   food insecurity; too many homes lack educational resources essential for a child 's academic
                   development; and too many working parents must settle for inadequate child care . Perhaps
                   most unsettling of all for a nation committed to equality of opportunity , race and income
                   continue to underlie disparities in academic achievement , with devastating long-term impact
                   on the health of our society and the competitiveness of our national economy.

                   Certainly, what goes on in the classroom matters . And many important, substantive measures
                   have been undertaken in recent years to improve the teaching and learning that take place in
                   our public schools. But as The Family: America 's Smallest School makes clear, family and
                   home undeniably affect children 's cognitive development and, ultimately , their academic
                   achievement.

                   ETS is especially grateful to the National Urban League for its support in disseminating the
                   important messages in this report and to League President and CEO Marc H. Morial, who
                   wrote the preface to the report. As President Modal notes , for our nation to reach the
                   ambitious educational goals we have set for ourselves , "we must keep clear in our minds that
                   our family is our first and smallest school."

                  I urge you to read The Family., America's Smallest School. To download a copy , please visit
                  www.ets.org/familyreport.

                   Regards,




                  Kurt M. Landgraf
                  President and CEO



                11/9/2009



                                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01 _0007608
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 The Family Press Event                                                                                           Page 2 of 2


                      Educational Testing Service


                                                    Copyright 0 2007 by Educational Testing Service . All rights reserved. 7438

                 --------------------------------------------------
                 This e - mail and any files transmitted with it may contain privileged or confidential information.
                 It is solely for use by the individual for whom it is intended, even if addressed incorrectly.
                 If you received this e - mail in error , please notify the sender ; do not disclose , copy , distribute,
                 or take any action in reliance on the contents of this information ; and delete it from
                 your system . Any other use of this e-mail is prohibited.

                 Thank you for your compliance.




                 11/9/2009



                                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01 0007609
