Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Unknown
               From :                  gov.sarah@yahoo.com
               Sent:                   Wednesday, November 07, 2007 10:32 AM
               To:                     Grace Moore
               Cc:                     Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Mason; Janice L (GOV)
               Subject:                Re: Fairbanks open house


               Thank you so much Grace! What a welcome and encouraging message ! Thanks.



              And I will pass on to our schedulers this invitation for the open house. I'll have either
              Janice or Kris contact you with an answer re: whether I'm around that day or if I'm
              scheduled to be out of town.



              Good to hear from you!

              Sarah Palin



              Ps. Tell Jack "hello".

              Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular one



               ----Original Message-----

              From: "Grace Moore" <grace@aptak.com>



              Date: Wed, 7 Nov 2007 10:09:23

              To:<gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

              Subject: FW: Fairbanks open house




              Dear Governor Sarah Palin,



             My name is Grace Moore and I attended Wasilla High School in 1998. I currently work at
             Advanced Physical Therapy of Alaska in Anchorage as a Front Desk.Supervisor. Also, Jack
             Wade who was a wrestler at Wasilla High School is one of the Physical Therapists at our
             Wasilla office.  I know that you're extremely busy!!!, but Ms. Anne Krigbaum (my
             significant others' mother) from Wasilla High School told me to tell you about the open
             house in Wasilla for the Advanced Physical Therapy office.



             I received an email from Valerie Phelps who is the owner of the practice and she told
             everyone that you attended an open house in Fairbanks and so on.... I will send you a copy of
             the email.

             When I hear your name I feel like I know you, (I also attended Wasilla Assembly of God,
                                                                    1




                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0007626
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              when I was younger ) you're truly an inspiration!!



              I would like to inform you about the open house in our Wasilla office on November 28th,
              2007 from 4:00pm to 7: 00pm . Like I said I know that you are extremely busy but I would
              like to extend the offer!

              Our Wasilla office address is:3051 East Palmer-Wasilla Highway, Wasilla, AX 99654.



              Have a great day and I'm always watching you on the news and reading about you in the
              paper.  You're awesome!!!



              Sincerely,



              Grace Moore

              Front Desk Supervisor

              Advanced Physical Therapy

              1917 Abbott Road Suite 200

              Anchorage, AK 99507

              907-279-4266




              From: Valerie Phelps

               Sent: Friday, October 26, 2007 7:52 AM

               To: Anchorage

               Subject : Fairbanks open house



              Dear Colleagues and CoWorkers!

              I am sorry to have missed the communication education session, I will catch up with it, as
              Fairbanks also missed it due to lack of communication. We will get better at this!

              The open house in Fairbanks yesterday was awesome! Huge attendance! And of course the
              governor recognized me right away and rushed over to shake my hand and ask what she could
              do for us ( NOT J ).       But truly, it was an event that was well attended, and
              apparently not just because Lance Mackey and Sarah were there, as they were gone by 4:15
              and things really got rolling after that.


                                                            2




                                                                                                       PRA_GSP01_0007627
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               This communication may contain privileged and/or confidential information. It is intended
               solely for the use of the addressee . If you are not the intended recipient, you are
               strictly prohibited from disclosing, copying, distribution or using any of this
               information.  If you received this communication in error, please contact the sender
               immediately and destroy the material in its entirety, whether electronic or hard copy.
               This communication may contain nonpublic personal information about patients subject to
               the restrictions of the HIPPA standards. You may not directly or indirectly reuse or
               redisclose such information for any purpose other than to provide the services for which
               you are receiving the information.



                Note to Patients regarding e-mail transmissions:

                There are a number of risks you should consider before using email to communicate with
               us: email can be circulated, forwarded and stored in numerous paper and electronic files;
               email can be intercepted, altered, forwarded or used without authorization or detection;
               email senders can easily misaddress an email; backup copies of email may exist even after
               the sender deletes the email; employers and online services have the right to inspect
               email transmitted through their systems; email is easier to falsify than handwritten or
               signed documents; and email can be used to introduce viruses into computer systems.
               Confidentiality of Internet communications cannot be guaranteed by Advanced Physical
               Therapy. Use of the Internet is solely at your own risk.




                                                            3




                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0007628
