Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From:                   <gov.sarah@yahoo.com> [gov.sarah@yahoo.comj
            Sent:                   Wednesday, November 07, 2007 2:40 PM
            To:                     John Katz
            Cc:                     Beth Leschper; Mike Tibbles; Sharon Leighow
            Subject:                Re: ANWR/Senator Lieberman


            Sheeeesh- I still can not get over this. Why create more dependency on foreign sources?!
            If ever you hear of a grand idea to get these naysayers to listen, please let me know and
            we'll try anything reasonable to send a pro-ANWR message nationally.

            Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



            -----Original Message-----

            From: "John Katz" <jwkatz@ALASKADC.org>



            Date: Wed, 07 Nov 2007 17:18:41

            To:"Governor Sarah Palin" <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

            Subject: ANWR/Senator Lieberman




            After sending this, I though that you might also be interested.




            There's nothing new here, and I doubt that anything more will happen.             However, I wanted
            you to be aware of the current situation.



            We're working with the remnants of Arctic Power and others to promote some counter battery
            fire.




            ANWR: Lieberman renews bid for permanent drilling ban

            A quarter of the Senate has signed on to keep the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge off-
            limits to oil and natural gas drilling.

            Backed by a group of 25 senators, Sen. Joe Lieberman (I-Conn.) introduced a bill today
            that would designate the coastal plain of the Alaskan reserve as an official wilderness
            area, thereby precluding any oil and gas activities.

            "America's strength is not in our oil reserves but in our reserves of innovation,"
            Lieberman said in a statement. "The answer is not to drill in our national treasures but
            to increase our energy efficiency and find alternative and renewable sources of energy."
                                                               1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0007654
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             All 26 sponsors are Democrats, excluding Lieberman and Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.).

             The coastal plain is currently off-limits to drilling rigs, but Lieberman and other
             lawmakers want permanent protection. Legislation in 1980 that expanded the Arctic preserve
             deferred a congressional decision on managing energy resources on the 1.5-million-acre
             coastal plain.

             Alaskan lawmakers and others seeking to boost domestic production have long sought to tap
             an estimated 5.7 billion and 16 billion barrels worth of oil in the region. Republicans
             came close to opening the area in the last Congress after expanding their majority in the
             2004 elections but fell just short.

             The ANWR issue is not wholly partisan, with several pro-drilling Democrats in favor of
             development and moderate Republicans having sink efforts to open the reserve in the last
             Congress.

             Opening the area is not on the table under the Democratic leadership of Congress. At the
             same time , permanent protections are also considered quite unlikely given the difficultly
             associated with getting the 60 votes needed to-pass such a measure.

             Reps. Ed Markey (D-Mass.) and Jim Ramstad (R-Minn.) introduced House legislation in
             January to designate the coastal plain as a wilderness area. House and Senate legislation
             to create permanent protection has also been introduced in previous sessions of Congress.



             Please note that my email address has changed. My new email address is
             <mailto:jwkatz@alaskadc.org> jwkatz@alaskadc.org.  Thank you




             Please note that my email address has changed. My new email address is
             <mailto:jwkatz@alaskadc.org> jwkatz@alaskadc.org.  Thank you .




                                                          2




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0007655
