Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                   Page 1 of 1



                  Unknown

                  From:    Colberg , Talis J (LAW) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                           GROUP/CN=RECI PIENTSIC N=TJCOLBERG]
                  Sent:    Wednesday, November 07, 2007 4:44 PM
                  To:      'gov.sarah@yahoo.com'
                  Subject: Mat-Su section ADN

                Dear Governor Palin,
                   I hope you have access to the Mat-Su Section of the ADN today. The article on Pippel and his new city
                manager argues that had Allen been the city manager last year then Allen would have successfully used his
                connections to prevent the vetos of Palmer projects. Talis




               8/25/2009



                                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0007652
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                            Page 1 of I



                   Unknown

                   From :    Smith, Lynne M (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                             GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=LMSMITHI]
                   Sent:     Wednesday, November 07, 2007 10:39 AM
                   To:       'gov.sarah@yahoo.com'
                   Subject: Letter to principals

                 Good morning Governor,

                 Here is the letter to the principals. By the time it got through proofing, you had
                 already left. We were going to have you sign it, but rather than wait until next
                 week, I will just have the machine sign it, if that is all right with you.

                 Lynne


                 Text of Letter to Principals.

                 Dear

                 A recently publicized study by researchers at Johns Hopkins University falsely
                 labeled seven Alaska high schools, including yours, as "dropout factories."

                 I want you to know that neither I nor anyone in my administration believe this
                 inflammatory label is accurate or fair. I know that you and your staff work hard to
                 educate every student and to offer extra attention for any student who is at risk of
                 dropping out.

                 Anything that harms the pubic confidence in our schools only makes educators' jobs
                 more difficult .  Therefore , we cannot allow erroneous opinions to dampen our spirits
                 or sabotage our collaborative efforts to meet the needs of our students .   Ultimately,
                 the dropout problem will be alleviated by parents , community members, and educators
                 working together.

                 After examining the study, we know that it does not assess either graduation rates or
                 dropout rates.  Those rates are not hidden. They are publicly available in school
                 district and state report cards to the public.

                 Rather than using the most relevant data, the study compares the number of seniors
                 with the number of freshmen from four years before. The study does not distinguish
                 between students who drop out and students who transfer to another school or who move
                 out of Alaska.

                 We all recognize that, like every other state in the nation, Alaska does have a
        i        serious dropout problem. I know that Alaskans are working at the community, school
                 district, and state levels to address this problem. I regret that your good work has
                 been denigrated with false labels.


        1
                 As your governor, I want you to know that my administration and I stand shoulder-to-
                 shoulder with you in your committed efforts to educate the youth of Alaska as you
                 prepare them to be successful, productive adults.

                                                                     Sincerely,

                                                                     Sarah Palin
                                                                     Governor




                 8/25/2009



                                                                                                               PRA GSP01_0007653
