Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                          Page 1 of 2




                  Unknown

                  From :     John Katz (jwkatz@ALASKADC.org]
                  Sent:      Wednesday, November 07, 2007 1:19 PM
                  To:        Governor Sarah Palin
                  Subject: ANWR/Senator Lieberman

                 After sending this, I though that you might also be interested.

                    There's nothing new here, and I doubt that anything more will happen. However,
                    I wanted you to be aware of the current situation.

                    We're working with the remnants of Arctic Power and others to promote some
                    counter battery fire.


                    ANWR: Lieberman renews bid for permanent drilling ban
                    A quarter of the Senate has signed on to keep the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge
                    off-limits to oil and natural gas drilling.

                     Backed by a group of 25 senators, Sen. Joe Lieberman (I-Conn.) introduced a bill
                     today that would designate the coastal plain of the Alaskan reserve as an official
                     wilderness area, thereby precluding any oil and gas activities.

                     "America's strength is not in our oil reserves but in our reserves of innovation,"
                     Lieberman said in a statement. "The answer is not to drill in our national
                     treasures but to increase our energy efficiency and find alternative and renewable
                     sources of energy."

                    All 26 sponsors are Democrats , excluding Lieberman and Sen . Bernie Sanders (I-
                    Vt.).

                    The coastal plain is currently off-limits to drilling rigs, but Lieberman and other
                    lawmakers want permanent protection . Legislation in 1980 that expanded the
                    Arctic preserve deferred a congressional decision on managing energy resources
                    on the 1 . 5-million-acre coastal plain.

                    Alaskan lawmakers and others seeking to boost domestic production have long
                    sought to tap an estimated 5.7 billion and 16 billion barrels worth of oil in the
                    region . Republicans came close to opening the area in the last Congress after
                    expanding their majority in the 2004 elections but fell just short.

                    The ANWR issue is not wholly partisan, with several pro-drilling Democrats in
                    favor of development and moderate Republicans having sink efforts to open the
                    reserve in the last Congress.

                    Opening the area is not on the table under the Democratic leadership of
                    Congress. At the same time, permanent protections are also considered quite



                 8/31/2009



                                                                                                               PRA GSP0I_0007656
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                    Page 2 of 2



                   unlikely given the difficultly associated with getting the 60 votes needed to pass
                   such a measure.

                   Reps. Ed Markey (D-Mass .) and Jim Ramstad (R-Minn. ) introduced House
                   legislation in January to designate the coastal plain as a wilderness area. House
                   and Senate legislation to create permanent protection has also been introduced in
                   previous sessions of Congress.



                   Please note that my email address has changed . My new email address is
                   jwkatza,alaskadc .org. Thank you.

                   Please note that my email address has changed . My new email address is
                   jwkatz@alaskadc.org. Thank you.




               8/31/2009



                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0007657
