Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From :                  gov.sarah©yahoo.com
              Sent:                   Thursday, November 08, 2007 11:34 AM
              To:                     Kelly; Russell T (GOV)
              Cc:                     Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Balash; Joseph R (GOV)
              Subject :               Re: "pressure"


              Excellent.



              Ok- as long as they know we're not conducting politics as usual and threatening anyone,
              and these mtgs are truly helping, then let's forge ahead mtg with them, with leggies'
              concurrence.



              Stuck me as odd that Harris attended his first ever bush caucus mtg the other day- like he
              was there to keep an eye on what was said? Shoot- Mary's right- she asked for the mtg and
              we were also conducting it as a follow up to AFN.



              Thank you.

              Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



              -----Original Message-----

              From: "Kelly, Russell T (GOV)" <russ.kellyealaska.gov>



             Date :   Thu, 08 Nov 2007 11:12:41

             To: ExternalEmailgsp < gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

             Subject : RE: "pressure"




             I've been meeting w/legislators all morning and just now spoke w/Rep. Nelson, Rep. Gara &
             Sen. Wielechowski.  Hopefully, their reaction will put you at ease .  First, they were
             surprised we were responding to rumors pushed by the VOT, Halcro, Fagan, blogs, etc.,
             because they don't believe those sources have any credibility. I explained that we just
             didn't want the wrong impression out there. They understood and are clear that the rumors
             are all untrue (I delivered the entire message , including that Green and Harris came up
             and were told these rumors were false).



             Rep. Nelson said Dave Donaldson had asked her about the bush caucus meeting and whether
             the capital budget was discussed with the governor. Rep. Nelson told Dave that SHE asked
             for the meeting, not the other way around! I thanked her for clearing that up. I will
             visit with the folks in the press room (I do this every couple of days anyway) and see if
             these rumors are gaining any steam. If so, I will work with Sharon to make sure we do our
             best to stamp it out.


                                                                   1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0007669
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Finally, those folks believe these rumors are not going to hurt our efforts. As Joe
              stated, these rumors were started by those who want you to fail ...hoping you will be
              afraid to keep fighting for a good bill for Alaska. As Rep. Gara said so well, "Don't
              reward bad behavior!" In other words, don't let the rumors change how we are doing
              business... honestly and in a straight-forward way debating ACES on its merits. That's
              exactly why the rumors were started, and we can't let them win.




              Your calls/visits have been extremely helpful and completely appropriate. If you have any
              other messages you'd like me to deliver, or would like me to make any other efforts, I
              will.  For the rest of today, I will continue to touch base with legislators and
              personally dispel any rumors.



              Russ




              -----Original Message-----

              From:   gov.saraheyahoo . com (mailto :gov.sarah@yahoo.com]

              Sent : Thursday,   November 08, 2007 9:43 AM

              To: Balash ,   Joseph R    (GOV); Kelly, Russell T (GOV); Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)

              Cc: Leighow,    Sharon W    (GOV); Leschper,   Beth   (GOV); Galvin, Patrick S (DOR)

              Subject:   Re: "pressure"




              Good advice re: Russ/Mike speaking with Mary and whomever else to dispel rumors and make
              sure they don't believe we're engaged in budget-making deals amidst ACES debate.



              You're right, also, re: "darned if we do, darned if we don't" express strong committment
              to ACES and 25%... But we do have to weigh whether those rumors of "pressure" hurt our
              efforts because we haven't publicly dispelled them yet. I think we ought to publicly do
              so, or publicly call Harris and Lyda on them even bringing the rumors to us without any
              back up info, otherwise continued communications with leggies may do more harm (if we
              don't publicly call bs on this).

              Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular one



              -----Original Message-----

              From: "Balash, Joseph R (GOV)" <joe.balash@alaska.gov>



              Date : Thu, 08 Nov 2007 09:27:13

              To:gov . sarah@yahoo . com, "Kelly, Russell T ( GOV)" <russ .kelly@alaska . gov>,"Tibbles , Michael
              A (GOV )" <mike . tibblesoalaska.gov>

              Cc:"Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)" <sharon.leighow@alaska.gov>,"Leschper, Beth (GOV)"
              <beth.leschper@alaska.gov>,"Galvin, Patrick S (DOR)" <patrick.galvin@alaska.gov>

                                                                    2




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0007670
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Subject: Re: "pressure"




              Governor,




               I believe Mike and Russ are out meeting with legislators right now, so I'll go ahead and
              give you my reaction /thoughts on this.



              The people spreading these "rumors" are the people opposed to making a change. The
             likely reason this accusation is being made is because your meetings are having an effect.
               Your opponents want you to stop.



              Keep in mind that the first rumor was that you don't care about the 25% rate. That was
             being spread by Charlie and Lyda in an effort to get others to follow their lead.



              The rumor that you are going to campaign against those who vote against aces is patently
             false.  The presiding officers of both bodies know that you have personally dispelled this
             particular rumor.



              Now, the notion that you "offred" capital budget items to the rural legislators is coming
             from the same vein.



              My suggestion is that Mike and Russ go to Mary Nelson and make clear that she nor the
             bush caucus got that message. Then, they should be dispatched far and wide throughout the
             building (including the press offices) to deliver the message without any hesitation.



              The efforts you have made have been effective. They're just trying to stop you.




              Joe




              ----- Original message -----

              From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

              To: Kelly, Russell T (GOV); Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Balash, Joseph R (GOV)

              Cc: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Leschper, Beth (GOV); Galvin, Patrick S (DOR)

              Sent :   Thu Nov 08 08:30 :29 2007

              Subject: "pressure"



              Don't know how these rumors of me "pressuring" lawmakers- espescially Rural leggies-
             started, and don't know why they're continuing, but I've met with them many times and
                                                           3




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0007671
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             communicated with lawmakers on the phone at your request and upon your advice. Now, if
             it's doing more harm than good to talk to any lawmaker (and I've never threatened, bribed
             or anything else ), please don't keep setting up these opportunities to work with them.



              I think it's fishy that Harris came to me with the rumors of my "threats" to lawmakers if
             they don't go along with ACES, which is bull... and then it's his suspicious aide we
             believe is blogging the same bogus information.



              Please do what you can do about the situation because perhaps we're better off not giving
             our critics more opportunity to lie about the situation, meaning no more meetings between
             me and lawmakers. ?

              Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One




                                                          4




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0007672
