Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                  gov.sarah@yahoo.com
             Sent:                   Thursday, November 08, 2007 9:43 AM
             To:                     Balash; Joseph R (GOV); Kelly; Russell T (GOV); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
             Cc:                     Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Leschper; Beth (GOV); Galvin; Patrick S (DOR)
             Subject:                Re: "pressure"


             Good advice re: Russ/Mike speaking with Mary and whomever else to dispel rumors and make
             sure they don't believe we're engaged in budget-making deals amidst ACES debate.



             You're right, also, re: "darned if we do, darned if we don't" express strong committment
             to ACES and 25%... But we do have to weigh whether those rumors of "pressure" hurt our
             efforts because we haven't publicly dispelled them yet. I think we ought to publicly do
             so, or publicly call Harris and Lyda on them even bringing the rumors to us without any
             back up info, otherwise continued communications with leggies may do more harm (if we
             don't publicly call bs on this).

             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



             -----Original Message-----

             From: " Balash , Joseph R (GOV)" <joe. balash@alaska.gov>



             Date : Thu, 08 Nov 2007 09:27:13

             To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com, "Kelly, Russell T (GOV)" <russ.kelly@alaska.gov>,"Tibbles, Michael
             A (GOV)" <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>

             Cc:"Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)" <sharon.leighow®alaska.gov>,"Leschper, Beth (GOV)"
             <beth.leschper@alaska.gov>,"Galvin, Patrick S (DOR)" <patrick.galvin@alaska.gov>

             Subject: Re: "pressure"




             Governor,



              I believe Mike and Russ are out meeting with legislators right now, so I'll go ahead and
             give you my reaction/thoughts on this.



              The people spreading these "rumors " are the people opposed to making a change. The
             likely reason this accusation is being made is because your meetings are having an effect.
               Your opponents want you to stop.



              Keep in mind that the first rumor was that you don't care about the 25% rate. That was
             being spread by Charlie and Lyda in an effort to get others to follow their lead.




                                                                   1




                                                                                                                PRA_GSP01_0007673
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               The rumor that you are going to campaign against those who vote against aces is patently
              false.  The presiding officers of both bodies know that you have personally dispelled this
              particular rumor.



               Now, the notion that you "of£red" capital budget items to the rural legislators is coming
              from the same vein.



               My suggestion is that Mike and Russ go to Mary Nelson and make clear that she nor the
              bush caucus got that message. Then, they should be dispatched far and wide throughout the
              building (including the press offices) to deliver the message without any hesitation.



               The efforts you have made have been effective. They're just trying to stop you.



                Joe




                ----- Original Message -----

               From: gov.saraheyahoo.com gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

               To: Kelly, Russell T (GOV); Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Balash, Joseph R (GOV)

               Cc: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Leschper, Beth (GOV); Galvin, Patrick S (DOR)

               Sent: Thu Nov 08 08:30:29 2007

                Subject: "pressure"



               Don't know how these rumors of me "pressuring" lawmakers- espescially       Rural leggies-
              started, and don't know why they're continuing, but I've met with them       many times and
              communicated with lawmakers on the phone at your request and upon your       advice. Now, if
              it's doing more harm than good to talk to any lawmaker (and I've never       threatened, bribed
              or anything else), please don't keep setting iip these opportunities to      work with them.



               I think it's fishy that Harris came to me with the rumors of my "threats" to lawmakers if
              they don't go along with ACES, which is bull... and then it's his suspicious aide we
              believe is blogging the same bogus information.



               Please do what you can do about the situation because perhaps we're better off not giving
              our critics more opportunity to lie about the situation, meaning no more meetings between
              me and lawmakers. ?

               Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One




                                                            2




                                                                                                       PRA_GSP01_0007674
