Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From:                    Balash , Joseph R (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                      GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=JRBALASH]
             Sent:                    Thursday, November 08, 2007 9:27 AM
             To:                      'gov. sarah @yahoo. com'; Kelly; Russell T (GOV); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
             Cc:                      Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Leschper, Beth (GOV); Galvin; Patrick S (DOR)
             Subject :                Re: "pressure"


             Governor,




             I believe Mike and Russ, are out meeting with legislators right now, so I'll go ahead and
             give you my reaction/thoughts on this.



             The people spreading these "rumors" are the people opposed to making a change. The likely
             reason this accusation is being made is because your meetings are having an effect. Your
             opponents want you to stop.



             Keep in mind that the first rumor was that you don't care about the 25% rate. That was
             being spread by Charlie and Lyda in an effort to get others to follow their lead.



             The rumor that you are going to campaign against those who vote against aces is patently
             false.  The presiding officers of both bodies know that you have personally dispelled this
             particular rumor.



             Now, the notion that you "offred" capital budget items to the rural legislators is coming
             from the same vein.



            My suggestion is that Mike and Russ go to Mary Nelson and make clear that she nor the bush
            caucus got that message. Then, they should be dispatched far and wide throughout the
            building (including the press offices) to deliver the message without any hesitation.



            The efforts you have made have been effective. They're just trying to stop you.



            Joe



            ----- Original Message -----

            From : gov.sarahoyahoo.com <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

            To: Kelly, Russell T (GOV); Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Balash, Joseph R (GOV)

            Cc: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Leschper, Beth (GOV); Galvin, Patrick S (DOR)

            Sent: Thu Nov 08 08:30 :29 2007


                                                                    1




                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0007675
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Subject :   " pressure"



              Don't know how these rumors of me "pressuring " lawmakers - espescially Rural leggies-
              started , and don't know why they' re continuing , but I' ve met with them many times and
              communicated with lawmakers on the phone at your request and upon your advice . Now, if
              it's doing more harm than good to talk to any lawmaker ( and I've never threatened , bribed
              or anything else ), please don ' t keep setting up these opportunities to work with them.



              I think it's fishy that Harris came to me with the rumors of my "threats" to lawmakers if
              they don ' t go along with ACES , which is bull ... and then it's his suspicious aide we
              believe is blogging the same bogus information.



              Please do what you can do about the situation because perhaps we're better off not giving
              our critics more opportunity to lie about the. situation, meaning no more meetings between
              me and lawmakers. ?

              Sent from my BlackBerry ® device from Cellular One




                                                            2




                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0007676
