Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From:                   Patin, Sarah (GOV sponsored) [govpa(in@alaska.gov]
             Sent:                   Thursday, November 08, 2007 11:36 AM
             To:                     Yocom; Lauren J (GOV); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Leschper; Beth (GOV)
             Subject:                Re: Press Release: Governor Patin Calls School Study Inaccurate


             You all are gooooood . Thank you so much.



             ----- Original Message -----

             From: Yocom, Lauren J (GOV) <lauren.yocom@alaska.gov>

             To: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Leschper, Beth (GOV)

             Cc: Yocom, Lauren J (GOV)

             Sent: Thu Nov 08 11:26:51 2007

             Subject: Press Release : Governor Palin Calls School Study Inaccurate




             IMMEDIATE RELEASE
             No. 07-220




             Governor Palin Calls School Study Inaccurate



             Offers to Talk to Students Considering Dropping Out




            November 8, 2007, Juneau, Alaska - Governor Sarah Palin today sent supportive letters to
            the principals of seven Alaska high schools that were branded "dropout factories" in a
            well-publicized Johns Hopkins University study.  Governor Palin also offered to talk with
            any student from those schools who may be considering dropping out.




                                                                 1




                                                                                                            PRA GSPO1_0007667
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Governor Palin told the principals, "I want you to know that neither I nor anyone in my
              administration believe this inflammatory label is accurate or fair. I know that you and
              your staff work hard to educate every student and to offer extra attention for any student
              who is at risk of dropping out."




              The seven Alaska high schools mentioned in the Johns Hopkins study are : Ben Eielson
              Jr./Sr. High School, Lathrop High School, North Pole High School, Bethel Regional High
              School, Wasilla High School, Dillingham Middle/High School and Barrow High School.




              The Johns Hopkins study did not look at published graduation or dropout rates , which are
              publicly available . Rather , it compared the number of seniors with the number of freshmen
              from four years before. The "retention rate" method does not take into account that some
              students transfer to other schools.




              Many of the seven affected Alaska schools had graduation rates notably better than the
              " retention rates" published in the Johns Hopkins study.




              Alaska , like other states, does have a serious dropout problem , Governor Palin said in the
              letter to the principals .  But, she added , " I want you to know that my administration and
              I stand shoulder-to-shoulder with you in your committed efforts to educate the youth of
              Alaska as you prepare them to be successful , productive adults .   To that end , if you have
              any potential dropout students , please have them call me personally and let me help talk
              them into staying .  Even if one student stays in school as a result of talking to me,
              it'll be worth it.,




                                                            2




                                                                                                       PRA_GSPOI_0007668
