Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                      Page 1 of 2


                 Unknown

                 From :   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
                 Sent:    Thursday, November 08, 2007 2:19 PM
                 To:      Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                 Subject: FW: Alaska Statae Chamber of Cmmerce - Capital Notes




                 From: Wayne Stevens [mailto :wstevens@ alaskachamber.com]
                 Sent: Thursday, November 08, 2007 10:49 AM
                 To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
                 Subject : Alaska Statae Chamber of Cmmerce - Capital Notes


                 Alaska State Chamber of Commerce
                 Capital Notes

                 www.alaskachamber.com                                      November 8, 2007

                 PLEASE NOTE:
                 The House Et Senate Finance Committees are holding a joint public
                 hearing on ACES TONIGHT at 5:30 p.m.
                 The Alaska State Chamber strongly urges you to get out and offer your opinion on the proposed
                 changes to the Petroleum Profits Tax and Alaska's CLear and Equitable Share (ACES). This is
                 your chance to be heard on this important debate on the future of Alaska's economy.

                 You can testify by going to your local Legislative Information Offices (LIO) and signing up to
                 offer testimony on the House and Senate bills 2001.

                 You can find the location of all LIO's in the State, online at the State Legislature's web site by
                 clickin here

                 A copy of the both current versions the House and Senate bills are available online at the State
                 Legislature's web site.
                 Click here for Senate Bill SB 2001

                 Click here for House Bill HB2001

                 The Alaska State Chamber web site has a copy of our letter to the Governor and our talking
                 points available. for your use at our web site by clicking here

                 The Alaska State Chamber of Commerce is urging the Governor and Legislature to proceed with
                 caution as they conduct their review and deliberations on the Petroleum Profits Tax (PPT) and
                 the bill introduced by the Governor, Alaska's Clear and Equitable Share. The concern is that
                 while the Legislature works to restore public faith, outcomes based more on emotion than
                 economics will further chill the oil investment climate. A second concern is the stated goal of


                 11/9/2009



                                                                                                                        PRA GSP01_0007664
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                 Page 2 of 2


                 generating more revenue for the treasury. The chamber does not agree with that goal, and we fear that
                 Alaskans will confuse the outcome of higher tax revenue with the goal of fair share.

                 We believe the tax debate creates unwelcome risk and stalls investment planning and decisions. Taxes
                 are a key consideration in all business investment decisions , so any time tax law is debated , investments
                 can be delayed. The wrong tax rate can end all consideration of investment. Certainly working to induce
                 investment such that the pipe is full of oil at $ 80+/bbl would generate more revenue at the current tax
                 rate than would a dwindling quantity of oil at a higher tax rate.

                 Given today's oil prices , the Alaska's Clear and Equitable Share (ACES) legislation proposes to collect
                 surplus revenue for a fiscal system that results in increased spending but lacks a strategic business plan
                 for the state . This policy outcome does not warrant worsening the investment environment.

                 The Alaska State Chamber strongly urges you to get out and offer your opinion on the proposed changes
                 to the Petroleum Profits Tax. This is your chance to be heard on this important debate on the future of
                 Alaska's economy.




                 11/9/2009



                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0007665
