Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Unknown
               From :                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
               Sent:                     Thursday, November 08, 2007 6:15 PM
               To:                       Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
               Cc:                       Smith; Lynne M (GOV); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Todd; Nizich; Michael A (GOV); Frank
                                         Bailey; Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Thompson; Barbara A (EED)
               Subject:                  Re: drop out response


               Yeah!!!  That's the coolest thing I've heard in a long time. Awesome job you guys - thank
               you... and obviously the education experts thank you.

               Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular one



               -----Original Message-----

               From: "Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)" <sharon.leighow@alaska.gov>



              Date :    Thu, 08 Nov 2007 16:51:57

              To:gov . sarah@yahoo.com

              Cc:"Smith ,    Lynne M   (GOV)" <lynne. smith@alaska.gov>

              Subject: drop out response




              I thought you might like to see this!



              -----Original Message-----

              From :    Susan McCauley   [mailto: Susan .McCauley@matsukl2.us7

              Sent : Thursday,   November 08, 2007 4:43 PM

              To: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)

              Subject: dropout press release



              Dear Governor Palin:



              Thank you for both the letter to principals and the press                 release

              regarding the recently- released John Hopkins study that labeled one of

              our high schools, Wasilla High, a "dropout factory". We in the

              administrative office of the Mat-Su Borough School District received

              your press release during a lunch break from our All Principals' Meeting

                                                                      1




                                                                                                                     PRA GSPOI _0007686
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              today.      During our morning session, principals, including Dwight

              Probasco, principal of Wasilla High, updated the group of the efforts to

              reduce dropouts that have been underway in our district for the past

              year.    Dwight referred to his school's "dubious title" and commented on

              the misrepresentation of his school in the Hopkins report. What

              wonderful timing that we were able to read aloud to our group of 40

              principals your press release when we returned from lunch. It was met

              with a round of applause.



              Thank you for the due diligence you have done in investigating the

              methodology used for this study, and in helping the public to understand

              that more direct,      accessible measures of dropout rate are readily

              available.      Mr. Probasco commented to me last week that this study felt

              like "a kick in the gut". Your public statement has likely gone a long

              ways toward helping Mr. Probasco and the principals of the 6 other

              mentioned schools feel supported and appreciated.



              Sincerely,

              Susan McCauley




              Susan A .   McCauley

              Director of Education

              Matanuska-Susitna Borough School District



              (907) 746-9212

              (907) 746-9292, fax




                                                               2
