Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                               Page 1 of 2



                   Unknown

                   From :    John Katz (jwkatz©f,LASKADC.org]
                   Sent:     Thursday, November 08, 2007 4:30 AM
                   To:       Governor Sarah Patin
                   Cc:       Beth Leschper, Larry Persily; Michael Tibbles; Mike Nizich; Sharon Leighow
                   Subject : ANWR/Congressional Delegation

                  I guess great minds think alike. I had not seen the statement below when I sent my
                  previous email. I don't think that the statement is as effective as it could be, but, for
                  better or worse, it adopts the same basic theme I suggested.

                Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




                    IMMEDIATE RELEASE
                    November 7, 2007
                    Contacts: Aaron Saunders w/Stevens (202) 224-1028
                              Kevin Sweeney w/Murkowski (907) 276-8921
                              Meredith Kenny w/Young (202) 225- 5765

                                           Alaska's Congressional Delegation Vows
                                           to Defeat Anti-Development Legislation

                    WASHINGTON, D.C. - Alaska's Congressional Delegation, Senator Ted Stevens, Senator
                    Lisa Murkowski, and Congressman Don Young, today released the following statement in
                    response to Senator Joe Lieberman's (ID-Conn.) newly introduced bill to designate Alaska's


                 8/31/2009



                                                                                                                  PRA GSPOI_0007693
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                         Page 2 of 2


                   Coastal Plain as wilderness.

                    "With the price of oil approaching $100 per barrel and with our energy dependence on
                    hostile foreign nations at a record high, now is not the time to cut our country off from the
                    resources held in Alaska's Coastal Plain. This area has the largest untapped domestic oil
                   field in the United States and would provide our nation with a million barrels of oil per day
                   for at least three decades. Instead of blocking resource development, Congress must increase
                    our domestic production of energy.

                   "Alaska's Delegation supports a comprehensive energy plan that includes conservation,
                   increased efficiency standards, and greater renewable energy potential. But without
                   increased production of traditional fossil fuels, like oil and natural gas, Americans will be
                   even more dependent on unstable foreign energy sources.

                   "We will fight any attempt to deny development of our State's resources, particularly the
                   Coastal Plain. Alaska already contains vast lands designated as wilderness, including the
                   eight million acres ofANWR south of the Coastal Plain. Wilderness areas in Alaska already
                   exceed 58 million acres. More importantly, more than 192 million acres ofAlaska are
                   already protected in wilderness areas, national parks, national preserves, national forests,
                   national wildlife refuges, wild and scenic rivers, state parks, state preserves, state critical
                   habitat areas, and state marine parks. The total designated area is the equivalent of all the
                   East Coast seaboard states from Maine to mid-Florida.

                   'ANWR is nearly 20 million acres. Energy production would be limited to 2, 000 acres - 0.01
                   percent of the entire refuge. In addition, development poses no threat to wildlife. Anti-
                   development advocates claim that the Prudhoe Bay oil fields have had serious impacts on
                   wildlife. That is not true. After 30 years of development of oilfields at Prudhoe Bay and
                   surrounding areas, wildlife have not been adversely impacted. Populations of caribou,
                   grizzly bears, polar bears, arctic foxes, and musk ox have all remained stable or increased
                   during oil exploration and development.

                   "Our Delegation intends to work with the State ofAlaska to defeat this short-sighted
                   proposal. Once again, we have the duty of educating the rest of the country about Alaska's
                   role in attaining the goal of energy independence and defending our State from attacks by
                   Outside extreme environmentalists."




                   Please note that my email address has changed. My new email address is
                   jwkatz 1alaskadc.org. Thank you .




               8/31/2009



                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0007694
