Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.gov]
             Sent:                    Friday, November 09, 2007 1:49 PM
             To:                      joegdffo@acsalaska.net
             Subject:                 RE: Fish-and-Game


             Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
             information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor.  Although she is
             unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
             being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
             need, suggestion, or comment.




              ----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.usl

             Sent: Thursday, November 08, 2007 8:58 PM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Fish-and-Game



             Web mail from: Mr. Joe Griffo

             address :   1120 E. Huffman Rd. 24-616 Anchorage AK 99515

              9073462483




             MESSAGE:

             Dear Governor Palin:

             I live in Anchorage about one half of the time and on Susitna Lake (attached to Lk.
             Louise) the other half.    I would like to bring to your attention a problem that we have
             during hunting season in the Louise - Susitna - Tyone area.   I will also provide a couple
             of possible solutions.

             During the Fall hunting season the area becomes saturated with hunters.   Most are heading
             for the Tyone River. Every year the area becomes more and more like the wild west.
             Hunters arrive in mass and make very messy camps that the locals later pick up.    They cut
             down trees near cabins, they are crazed with the need to shoot anything so they randomly
             shoot ravens, eagles, loons, muskrats and anything else that wanders within range.
             Often the victims of the shootings are simply wounded and remain in the area, unable to
             migrate, until the changing season results in their final demise.

            As for a couple of possible solutions:

             1.    During the Fall hunting season a couple of F & G personel could cruise the area of
             Susitna & Tyone.   Just having a presence would do wonders towards taming the hunters.

            2.   If there is simply a shortage of personel, then F & G could consider training
            volunteers to come on board during that period and provide similar assistance and
            supervision.

             Please give serious consideration to the above mentioned problem and the possible
                                                                   1




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0007705
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              solutions .  Your attention would go a long ways towards reducing the growing tension
              between hunters and locals of the area.



              Sincerely,

              Joe Griffo




              joegriffo@acsalaska.net




                                                          2




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0007706
