Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                              Page 1 of 1


                  Unknown

                  From :    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored ) [governor@ alaska.gov]
                  Sent:     Friday, November 09, 2007 3:16 PM
                  To:       Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                  Subject: FW: [Research Matters] ISER Research Matters No. 25



                 From: iser,_publlcations-bounces@lists.uaa.alaska.edu [mailto:iser_publications-
                 bounces@lists.uaa.ataska.edu] On Behalf Of ISER Research Announcements
                 Sent: Friday, November 09, 2007 1:45 PM
                 To: ISER.Publications@lists.uaa.alaska.edu
                 Subject: [Research Matters] ISER Research Matters No. 25

                 ISER Research Matters is our effort to quickly let Alaskans know about research findings from the
                 Institute of Social and Economic Research (ISER), at the University of Alaska Anchorage . We post these
                 on our Web site and distribute them by e-mail . If you' d like to be removed from or added to our e-mail list,
                 send us a message at ResearchMattersOuaa . alaska.edu

                 ISER Research Matters No. 25 . Economic Significance of Ted Stevens Anchorage International
                 Airport
                 November 9, 2007

                The Ted Stevens Anchorage International Airport generates one in eight of all wage and salary jobs in
                Anchorage , or about 18,400 of the city' s total 146,800 such jobs in 2006 . The airport also generates the
                same share of payroll -about one in eight dollars of wage and salary payroll can be traced to the airport.
                These are among the findings of a new study by Scott Goldsmith and Mary Killorin of ISER . The study
                was funded by the airport, and other findings include:


                     About 55% of the airport- related jobs, or 10,222 jobs, are at the airport itself. The remaining 45%,
                      or 8,212 jobs, are generated in the Anchorage community when airlines and other airport
                      businesses make purchases in the community and when airport workers spend their paychecks.


                     Anchorage's airport is about five times bigger than airports in other cities of comparable size.
                      That's because the airport serves not only Anchorage residents but international air cargo carriers,
                      visitors from outside Alaska , and residents of other Alaska places traveling through Anchorage.


                     Anchorage is now the third largest cargo airport in the world , based on the total weight of cargo
                      moving through the airport. According to the Airport Council International , Anchorage ranked below
                      Memphis and Hong Kong but above Tokyo, Shanghai, and Frankfurt in 2006.


                     The airport' s contribution to the economy of Anchorage and Alaska goes beyond jobs and payroll.
                      It's part of the infrastructure that links Alaska residents and businesses to each other and the rest
                      of the world.
                      Without it, the costs of living and doing business here would be much higher.


                Click here to see the full report.Economic Significance of Ted Stevens Anchorage International Airport
                November 9. 2007




                11/9/2009



                                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0007710
