Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From :                  gov.sarah@yahoo.com
              Sent:                   Saturday, November 10, 2007 7:24 AM
              To:                     Frye; Ivy J (DOA)
              Subject:                Re: look what I foundl


              Very, very, very great. Todd and I so appreciate this! Would you let Don know?! :)

              Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



                ---Original Message-----

              From :   "Frye, Ivy J (DOA)" <ivy.frye@alaska.gov>



              Date: Fri, 09 Nov 2007 14:04:05

              To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

              Subject: look what I found!




              Rep. John Harris is reaching too far




             Rep. John Harris, R-Valdez, needs to do the right thing and hand the gavel over to an
             objective member of the House Finance Committee. He said just a few months ago he would
             ask finance Co-Chairman Mike Chenault to hand over the gavel to Vice Chairman Bill Stoltze
             to run committee hearings should the committee be considering oil tax legislation.
             Chenault owns a construction business that has done regular oil field service work in the
             past. Harris has flip-flopped on allowing an objective Finance member chair the committee
             dealing with Alaska's Clear and Equitable Share oil tax plan.

             Instead of telling Alaskans why he has flip-flopped on this important issue , Harris
             compares Chenault's chairmanship to Todd Palin working on the slope. There's no
             comparison! Chenault is a lawmaker considering and evaluating oil and gas tax legislation
             that will effect our entire state. Todd is a laborer removed from any decision making.
             Harris needs to own up to his error in judgment, and not blame the Palin family for his
             mistakes.

             Don Benson

             Palmer




                                                                 1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0007744
