Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
             From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored ) [govemor@alaska.gov]
             Sent:                    Sunday, November 11, 2007 1:31 PM
             To:                      pcz=@gci.net
             Subject:                 RE: Budget


             Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
             information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
             unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
             being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
             need, suggestion, or comment.




             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMailegov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMailegov.state.ak.us]

             Sent: Saturday, November 10, 2007 5:12 PM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Budget



             Web mail from: Mr. Patrick Cunningham

             address: 5031 Garland Circle Anchorage AK 99508




             MESSAGE:

             Thank you, Governor Palin for your letter regarding the University of Alaska Regent's
             Budget. This is a follow-up to the postcard that I sent. The Regent's have now finalized
             their budget.  Under the capital request is the UAF Bio Building and UAA Health Sciences
             Building.  Last year you approved the planning money for the Health Sciences Building and
             I recommend that you place this building at the top of your priority list for the upcoming
             Legislative Session in 2008 . Nursing and the other related Health Sciences need this
             facility in order to improve the quality of instruction and to expand sufficiently to meet.
             the health care needs of Alaska citizens. Physicians are becoming increasingly scarce as
             primary care resources but the Nursing Program is posed to increase their Nurse
             Practitioner programs in response to this anticipated shortage.

             Best wishes , Patrick M Cunningham



             pczzzz @gci.net

             PLEASE ADD TO E-NEWS




                                                                  1




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0007755
