Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From :                  gov.sarah@yahoo.com
              Sent:                   Saturday, November 10, 2007 7:22 AM
              To:                     Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
              Cc:                     Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Balash; Joseph R (GOV); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
              Subject:                Re: Update MM


              Sounds great. I am still anxious for some kind of op ed, or other messaging from MatMaid
              re: why we knew it was imperative to get a second opinion before declaring MatMaid dead
              already. The public still barely gets bits and pieces of the situation, and with Lyda now
              "on it" the spin given to Alaskans may again not be truthfully reflective of what we
              found, why we committed to such great effort to get it ready for sale, etc. Lyda's comment
              to me was she's going to audit to find problems "we created", already you know it's going
              to be a be message unless we get our word out on the tremendous efforts of BAC and AG
              these last six months. Please have Kristan, Joe, whomever else, really think about finding
              someone to help them write this- or to be interviewed with our message more clearly
              articluated.



              Thanks for doing such an awesome job coordinating all the MatMaid "stuff", Kris! It'll be
              good   at the end of the day - we'll know we did the right thing for AK with this.

              Sent from my BlackBerry® device from cellular One



              -----Original message -----.

             From: "Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)" <kris.perry@alaska.gov>




             Date: Fri, 09 Nov 2007 17:16:24

             To:Sarah Palin <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>,"Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>

             Cc:"Balash, Joseph R (GOV)" <joe.balashealaska.gov>

             Subject: Update MM




             Some good MM news:



             Privileged or Personal Material Redacted

            lPrivileged or Personal Material Redacted                                                              There was
              legislative (Neuman )     e a e on w et er procee s s ou re urn o e enera                           d. This
             opinion is good newel



             We had our meeting on Wednesday and finalized some transitional items in terms of working
             with Northern Lights Dairy and the Cooperative to purchase from producers. We'll be
             ramping up production of jugs for purchase by Northern Lights to sustain them for 6 months
             and we'll be offering to lease equipment to the Cooperative that is non-essential to the
             sale.  Both will help them keep things going. MM is winding down operations in December
                                                                   1




                                                                                                                  P RA_G S PO I _0007745
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              and will stop pick-up from producers by mid - month.



              Joe Austerman is doing a great job .   Yesterday he spoke at the Eagle River Rotary. I
              understand it went very well and folks left with a better understanding and support of our
              efforts .  Today , Joe met with Carlisle Trucking ( MM's largest payable and the only vendor
              with a balance beyond 30 days) and they are comfortable with our plan to satisfy the
              outstanding debt upon the sale, as well as the role they will be playing in MM's wind
              down . They are also interested in transitioning some of MM ' s truck drivers to their
              organization .  Within the last day or so, KTW did an information request of BAC on MM
              payables . Carlisle is sending a letter indicating that our outstanding balance is
              proprietary information and they request that it be kept confidential.



              In summary from Joe ' s meeting with them , Carlisle considers MM a long time partner and
              they ' ll continue to work with us in any way possible to assure success with Governor
              Palin ' s attempt to transition the dairy industry.



              The next BAC meeting is Sunday.




              Kris




                                                            2




                                                                                                       PRA GSPOI _0007746
