Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                    Page 1 of 3


                 Unknown

                 From :   Nancy Barnes [Nancy _Barnes@legis. state. ak.us]
                 Sent:    Monday , November 12, 2007 1:54 PM
                 To:      Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
                 Cc:      Nizich ; Michael A (GOV); btiedemann@ aidea .org; Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored); Harper;
                          Michael C (AIDEA)
                Subject : FW: Rural Energy Crisis
                Senator Kookesh asked me to forward this note to you from the Mayor of Bettles . Nancy Barnes, Senator
                Albert Kookesh's Office


                From : Bettles Lodge [mailto : bttlodge@alaska.net]
                Sent: Monday, November 12, 2007 12:31 PM
                To: Sen . Albert Kookesh
                Subject : RE: Rural Energy Crisis

                Albert,
                I did get a response from the Governors office which was a boiler plate response that it would be
                passed on to her staff. I am in high hopes that this will be taken serious by the Governor and
                warrants her involvement. I am sure you are aware what these oil prices are doing to rural
                Alaska. I am also sure Juneau is happy with the increased revenue, however I hope someone
                there has the foresight to use some of the windfall for investing in our future with a sound energy
                policy that benefits all Alaskans, not just the rail belt and Juneau. As I told the Governor, this is
                an immediate crisis for rural Alaska. As such the residents of the "bush" need and deserve an
                immediate response from Juneau.
                Thank you for contacting me. Please let me know if there is anything I can do to help move this
                issue forward.
                Dan Klaes
                At 11:07 AM 11/12/2007, you wrote:

                Hello Mayor Klaes----Thank you for writing-I have contacted the Governor's Office Chief of Staff & Mike
                Harper at AIDEA and have asked for a copy of the response from Governor Palin. All the best, Albert


                From : bettles lodge [mailto:bttlodge@alaska.net]
                Sent: Friday, November 09, 2007 11:39 AM
                To: governor@alaska.gov
                Cc: Sen. Albert Kookesh; Rep. Woodie Salmon; Rep. Jay Ramras
                Subject: Rural Energy Crisis

                Dear Governor Palin,
                I would like to start with "we need your help and support". My name is Dan Klaes.I am the
                Mayor of the City of Bettles, a community that is rural and not attached to the road system. I
                also own a small business in Bettles and a current member of the State of Alaska Aviation
                Advisory Board. The cost of oil has created a serious crisis for rural Alaska. This is an
                immediate crisis, not a future event. If the current situation is not addressed in the very near term,
                what little economies in the rural communities are in danger of collapse. Residents are being
                forced to make the decision to "heat or eat". This is an appalling concept in a state which is
                reaping such tremendous income from the high price of oil. We are going to see a "migration" of
                residents from rural Alaska to our larger communities as they cannot afford to stay.




                 11/9/2009



                                                                                                                      PRA_GSPO1_0007790
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                   Page 2 of 3


                 It is in the best interests of the State of Alaska and the residents to foster ways to reduce the dependence
                 on oil in Alaska. Alternative sources of energy are expensive to install and have a very limited
                 capability to produce energy on a year round basis, making most cost prohibitive. The way to make
                 alternative energy more affordable is to spread the cost for installation over the entire year by receiving
                 benefits from the system during times they produce little energy. Solar has potential to provide
                 substantial excess amounts of power during our long periods of sunlight during the summer months in
                 Bettles. The problem is, there are no economical ways to store that excess power. One possible way to
                 make alternative energy sources more affordable is through Net Metering. Over 40 states have now
                 passed net metering in one form or another. Alaska needs to do the same. Net metering is required under
                 the Energy Policy act of 2005 signed by the president and states:

                 SEC. 1251. NET METERING AND ADDITIONAL STANDARDS.



                 (a) Adoption of Standards- Section 111(d) of the Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 (16
                 U.S.C. 2621(d)) is amended by adding at the end the following:
                 '(11) NET METERING- Each electric utility shall make available upon request net metering service to
                 any electric consumer that the electric utility serves. For purposes of this paragraph, the term 'net
                 metering service' means service to an electric consumer under which electric energy generated by that
                 electric consumer from an eligible on-site generating facility and delivered to the local distribution
                 facilities may be used to offset electric energy provided by the electric utility to the electric consumer
                 during the applicable billing period.

                 The use of alternative energy in rural Alaska has numerous benefits including:

                   1.   lower cost to produce
                   2.   reduced oil consumption
                   3.   reduce carbon output
                   4.   reducing energy cost for residents

                Generation of electricity by alternative sources would allow utilities to "downsize" generating capacity
                during the peak times of alternative production.

                Rather than having each utility address net metering, a statewide policy is desirable and essential, to
                allow individuals and businesses to make the substantial investment required.
                Creating a grant, or no interest loan program, by the State of Alaska would substantially help speed up
                the installation of alternative energy sources and see a reduction in energy cost and dependency on oil. It
                would truly be an investment in the future of Alaska.

                I am asking that you, as Governor, consider introducing a bill to the legislature to create a statewide
                policy in the Alaska Statutes regarding net metering. I have reviewed numerous laws from a number of
                states and have drafted a possible bill that I feel fits Alaska. I am enclosing that draft for your reference.
                I would also ask the State of Alaska research the concept of grant or loan programs to speed up the use
                of alternative energy in rural Alaska.

                Thank you in advance for considering the issue . Please contact me if you have any questions.


                Sincerely,



                 11/9/2009



                                                                                                                      PRA_GSP01_0007791
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 Dan Klaes
                 Mayor
                 City of Bettles



                                     .Bettles Lodge and Bettles Air
                                               serving the Arctic Traveler since 1950
                                                          www.bettleslodge.com
                                                     Bettles Office 907-692-5111
                                                    Fairbanks Office 907-479-7018
                                                        Bettles Fax 907-692-5655
                                                     Fairbanks Fax 907-479-7028
                                                 email : reservations@bettleslodge.com

                                                 Visit us at http://www.bettleslodge.co m
                                                   Your key to the Gates of the Arctic
                                                         -Bettles Lodge-
                                                    PO Box 27, Bettles, Alaska 99726
                                                   International phone 907-692-5111
                                                          FAX 907-692-5655
                                                       US phone 800-770-5111
                                                      -Bettles Air Service-
                                                         6146 Old Airport Way
                                                         Fairbanks , AK 99706
                                                         phone 907-479-7018
                                                          FAX 907-479-7028




                11/9/2009
