Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From :                  Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
              Sent:                   Tuesday, November 13, 2007 10:27 AM
              To:                     atitus@yksd.com
              Subject :               RE: Education


             Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin .  The concerns , opinions , and/or
             information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor .   Although she is
             unable to respond to each and every email herself , your message has been received and is
             being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
             need , suggestion , or comment.




              -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.usl

             Sent: Monday, November 12, 2007 2:27 PM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Education




             Web mail from: Ms. Anne Titus

             address: Merreline A. Kangas School              POB 68110 Ruby AK 99768

               907-468-4465




             MESSAGE:

             Dear Governor Palin- I have worked as a teacher.here in the village of Ruby since 1982.
             This year I took over as Principalof this K-12 grade school.I am discouraged with folks
             coming up from the lower 48 to teach or take on the job as principal for a year and
             leave.So, I thought I would see if I could make a difference. My pipes are old and
             breaking down, so we have water pressure problems. The 30 year old walls have cracked in
             the gym.We cannot regulate the heat in the building-today it is 69 degrees and we are all
             wearing sweaters. But today we had a great lunch,a handful of Ruby veterans showed up.
             Last week in the paper and again on the news you were quoted as saying that you would talk
             to any high school student that has the potential of dropping out. I have one such
             student. Her name is ivlle a She has been in high school for two years now but has
             shuffled between three different school. She is 16. Last spring she got pregnant and
             recently had a baby girl which her mom and dad w

             ill raise. She does not get a whole lot of encouragement from home-they talk the talk but
             don't walk the walk,if you catch my drift.

             Will you talk to her? Her teacher and I practically cheer for her when she shows up. Her
             grades are behind.We keep telling her not to give up-to show up every day.To finish the
             month. when the month comes to a close we encourage her to finish. another month.Our number
             here at school is 907-468-4465. Her school times are 8:30-3:00 pm.And if you cannot call,
             well, at least I feel better having mentioned it. Thanks Anne Titus




             atitus@yksd.com
                                                                  1




                                                                                                            PRA GSPO1_0007804
