Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                             Page 1 of 2


                 Unknown

                  From :     Stroman, Ronald A (DOT) [ron.stroman@alaska.gov]
                  Sent:      Tuesday, November 13, 2007 10:50 AM
                  To:        'Linda Holzman'
                  Cc:        Palin; Sarah H (GOV); Von Scheben; Leo (DOT); Richards; Frank T (DOT); 'jccklk@acsalaska.net;
                             Devon; Kurt E (DOT); Fullerton; Jack F (DOT); Ruaro; Randall P (GOV)
                 Subject: RE: Willow Lake
                 Good morning Linda.

                 I'm sorry I didn't get back to you sooner but I was in Juneau last week . Linda, we are going through the
                 public process for adoption of a 'Lake Use Plan' as you should have been aware from attending the last
                 public meeting . Cheryl Fuglestad Is the Willow Lake Compromise Committee Chairperson . She, on
                 behalf of the landowners , submitted a proposal which we used as a basis for the plan that was submitted
                 back to the Committee . I'm sorry if you didn't directly receive the Committee 's draft or the draft sent to the
                 Committee.

                 We (the Committee and the State) wanted to get something down in print that gives us a starting point for
                 negotiations. We felt that the plan needed to get closer to ready, before we disseminated to every
                 landowner and aviation user for their input. I have received comment from the Committee on our
                 reworked version and I will be contacting. Cheryl tomorrow to discuss the plan. If needs be, we will set up
                 a working meeting to hash out details of a plan. If you'd like to participate please let me or Cheryl know.

                 The department's authority to initiate and implement a plan for use of the lake can be found under:

                 AS 02.10.010. Supervision over aeronautics and communication regulations; (b) "The department shall,
                 whenever it considers the action necessary in the interest of general safety or the safety of those
                 engaged in aeronautics, adopt regulations establishing minimum standards with which all air navigation
                 facilities shall comply, and shall adopt and enforce regulations to safeguard from accident and to protect
                 the safety of persons operating or using aircraft and persons and property on the ground, and to develop
                 and promote aeronautics and communications in the State...."

                AS 02.15.020. Powers of department; (a), "The department may perform acts, issue and amend orders,
                and adopt reasonable general or special regulations and procedures, and establish minimum standards,
                consistent with the provisions of this chapter, as it considers necessary to carry out the provisions of this
                chapter.";

                AS 02.15.060. Establishment, operation and maintenance; "The department may plan, establish,
                construct, enlarge, maintain, equip, operate, regulate, protect, and police airports and air navigation
                facilities within the state."

                Linda, it was never the intent of the department to invoke 'eminent domain' over landowners or zone the
                land around the lake to minimize incompatible land uses (AS 02.25.030-050). What were originally
                presented by the department's aviation design group were alternatives. One of the alternatives was to
                formalize runways on the lake and if that were to occur, then the department would be faced with
                purchasing certain properties around the lake. This alternative has been removed from consideration.

                Personally, I'd like for the issue to be resolved at the local level. I was hoping that the land owners and
                the aviation users could come to an accord without the department's involvement. While I appreciate that
                people want this matter to go away, I don't see that happening without a written plan. Hopefully, this will
                be accomplished before year end. With your knowledge of land rights, your assistance to make this plan
                work would be greatly appreciated

                Thank you for taking the time to let me know your thoughts.

                Ron Stroman
                Chief, Statewide Aviation Leasing
                Division of Aviation



                 11/9/2009



                                                                                                                                PRA GSP01_0007801
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                          Page 2 of 2


                Ph.     907-344-2695
                Fax     907-269-0489
                Cell    907-240-8295


                From: Linda Holzman [mailto : lindalu@alaska.net]
                Sent: Thursday, November 08, 2007 12:03 PM
                To: Stroman , Ronald A (DOT)
                Cc: Palin, Sarah -H (GOV)
                Subject: Willow Lake

                Ron,
                I've read your proposed Willow lake plan that you sent to Cheryl Fuglestad and no other property owners (that I
                know of, please correct me if I am wrong). It sounds very much like a plan that is written for one air taxi operator.
                It pretty much destroys the historical use of the lake. At this point we truly question your authority to change the
                historical use of Willow Lake. Please provide us with the documentation from your Commissioner as to your
                authority to create a lake plan with no public process.      -

                Ron you should know that there is a process in place that the State of Alaska requires when State
                Agencies decide to make area plans/ lake plans and the process involves many things , one of which is a
                committee of more than one person . This is necessary because plans restrict uses of State owned
                land/water and all of the public need to have the opportunity to give their comments. IF DOT would
                have informed the public in 1964 of these potential water restrictions and DOT ' s eminent domain
                authority as DNR requested by letter dated August 11, 1964 we more than likely would not be having
                this discussion . Public Notice was ignored in 1964 and it appears DOT is trying to ignore the public
                process again. One person is not the public.

                Alaska Statutes were written for a reason . DOT needs to comply.

                Again, the threat for DOT to use eminent domain to take our properties needs to go away. Hopefully
                you have discussed this very big problem with your department heads and have more of an answer
                than we don't have to worry about our property be taken during this, administration, however who
                knows what the next 4 years will bring . That of course is not a satisfactory answer to me and others.
                Please Inform me if you can be of any help or have any answers that can make me smile.

                Thanks, Linda-Lou Holzman 346-3421




                 11/9/2009



                                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0007802
