Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                        Page 1 of 1


                 Unknown

                  From:    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
                  Sent:    Tuesday, November 13, 2007 3:58 PM
                  To:      Allen; Richard K (LAW)
                 Subject: RE: Thank You!!!
                 Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or information you
                 have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is unable to respond to each and
                 every email herself, your message has been received and is being reviewed by the appropriate staff
                 person in this office who can best address your need, suggestion, or comment.




                 From : Allen, Richard K (LAW)
                 Sent: Tuesday, November 13, 2007 3:36 PM
                 To: Pal!n, Sarah H (GOV); Parnell, Sean R (GOV)
                 Subject: Thank You!!!




                 On May 21, 2007 my wife Stephanie and I drove our three-year-old son Rhys ( Rees) to Mat-Su Regional
                 Hospital because he was sick and not able to eat or drink. Within 30 minutes Rhys was diagnosed with
                 leukemia . Rhys was immediately medivaced to Providence in Anchorage and then to Children's Hospital
                 in Seattle. We did not return home for 4'/s months. Our family endured an extremely stressful summer
                 with two life threatening incidents during that time. I am pleased to report that we have now been home
                 for over a month and Rhys is doing very well. Rhys is in remission and will continue to receive
                 chemotherapy treatment from Providence Hospital in Anchorage for the next three years. Rhys will return
                 to Seattle for two weeks of radiation in February. His prognosis is excellent.
                 I was able to spend the entire summer in Seattle with my wife and young son as a result of the
                 unbelievable kindness and generosity of my fellow state employees. Per state regulations I am prohibited
                 from knowing the names of all those who donated. I do know that the list is large and that folks from all
                 over the state contributed . We will never know all of your names but I want you to understand the depth of
                 our gratitude . As a result of your thoughtfulness and friendship our family is winning our battle against
                 cancer. Each of you who donated leave, sent letters of support and kept us in your prayers have
                 contributed to saving our son's life . Words cannot express what this means to us.
                 Thank you and God bless you. Rick, Stephanie and Rhys Allen




                 11/9/2009



                                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0007803
