Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From:                   Cayce, Sunny C (GOV) [sunny. cayce@alaska.gov]
             Sent:                   Tuesday, November 13, 2007 2:12 PM
             To:                     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored ); Mason ; Janice L (GOV)
             Cc:                     Castle; Lillian K (GOV)
             Subject :               RE: Military_and Veterans_Affairs


             The two issues that this addresses are education funding/materials (Lynne), and benefits
             for assembly members (??)  Although she mentioned military benefits, the real issue is
             clarification as to whether what she heard about the benefits is true. Not really sure if
             that falls under Labor or Admin, but Lynne should be able to answer that.



             Sunny Cayce

             Executive Secretary to the

             Chief of Staff and Deputy Chief of Staff

             Office of the Governor

             465-3985



             -----Original Message-----

             From: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Sent :   Saturday, November 10, 2007 11:54 AM

             To: Mason ,   Janice L (GOV)

             Cc: Cayce, Sunny C (GOV); Castle, Lillian K (GOV)

             Subject: FW: Military_and Veterans Affairs




             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

             Sent: Saturday, November 10, 2007 11:46 AM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Military_and_VeteransAffairs



             Web mail from: Ms. Holly Herd

             address :   2132 N. Verde Dr. Palmer AK 99645

              907-745-7292



                                                                   1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01 0007807
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              MESSAGE:

              Governor Palin,



              I want to start this letter to you with a sincere thank you for the wonderful work you do
              in our state as governor . It is a joy to see you working hard for this wonderful state. My
              husband and I feel you are doing a great job.



              With that said, I'd like to get a couple of things off my chest that are very close to my
              heart. First, my daughter attends Palmer Junior Middle School. I think it is a great
              school with good teachers. I am very unhappy though that my daughter does not have her own
              books to bring home when she feels she needs them for study. We have been told that there
              is a set for each classroom, and that there is no money for each student to have their
              own. Luckily, we have access to the internet, a straight A student, and both parents home
              every day for our daughter, but what about these parents who can't afford a computer with
              the internet, must work late, and have kids struggling through school? I think if they had
              a book to take home nightly, they'd have a much better chance for success. I'm 32, and
              when I was in school, I had my own book to use as needed. I don't understand why there is
              not funding for materials. Where on earth does my $3100.00 property taxes go per year?



              Next, I was unfortunately told by a local assemblyman's wife last night that her husband
              and family get free insurance now that he is in the assembly, and if he gets elected to
              another term, he will get.it for life. This struck a nerve with me due to the fact that my
              husband is active duty Air Force, and will have been in for twenty years this coming
              February 10, 2008. I am so proud of him and the service he has given to our country, but
              have become upset with some of the things that have changed over the years. First, he was
              supposed to have had all of his healthcare covered 100%, which we do have coverage that is
              awesome , but... he does pay for the insurance, it is not " free" . When he retires next
              year, we will then be paying 20%. So , when I hear that local assemblymen have better
              healthcare coverage than our military, it really hurts. I realize that there is a big
              difference between the local government and federal government. It just really hurts.
              Especially when I see the news an

              d see servicemen returning from the war, followed by a list of names of people who did not
              return. Then I think about how much better benefits our government officials have. It
              really breaks my heart. I know you are a very stong supporter of our military, and we
              appreciate that. My husband and I are strong supporters of President Bush, the war, and
              especially our service men and women. I suppose for that reason ip. why..I.get.so upset to
              hear about the difference in benefits between the above. It makes us feel that the
              military is looked at as much less important than the local and federal government.



             I would love to be able to meet with you some day and ask questions and pick your brain on
             some issues . We have a mutual friend, Adele Morgan. She has told me that you have grown up
             together. I work for Mat-Su Regional Medical Center. I am an RN diabetes educator, wear an
             insulin pump, and do many of the insulin pump trainings for the Valley as well as
             Anchorage. This is how Adele and I met. And, I'm actually in the Ladies in Red picture
             with you that was taken at the old Valley Hospital in Palmer.



             I would love to hear back from you, though I know you are busy. I just felt I needed to
             get some of these things off of my chest. Thank you for listening.



             Again, thank you for your service!


                                                           2




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0007808
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Sincerely,

              Holly Herd



              herd4@gci.net

              PLEASE ADD TO E-NEWS




                                                        3




                                                                                                   PRA_GSPOI_0007809
