Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                              Page 1 of 3


                  Unknown

                   From:      Linda Holzman [lindalu@alaska.net]
                   Sent:    Wednesday, November 14, 2007 1:03 PM
                   To:      Stroman; Ronald A (DOT)
                   Cc:        Ruaro; Randall P (GOV); Fullerton; Jack F (DOT); Devon; Kurt E (DOT); jccklk@acsalaska.net;
                              Richards; Frank T (DOT); Von Scheben; Leo (DOT); Palin; Sarah H (GOV); michael.a.cirillo@faa.gov
                   Subject : Re: Willow Lake
                  Ron,

                  You stated that it was never the intent of the DOT to invoke 'eminent domain' over landowners or zone
                  the land around the lake to minimize incompatible uses (AS 02.25.030-050). However, you did use that
                  threat against us (the private property owners) at every public meeting at the Willow Community Center
                  with exception of the last meeting on October 10, 2007. And if you remember the meeting chaired by
                  Senator Huggins was recorded.                              -

                  Ron, you said at the last meeting our land is safe during this administration but you could not speak for
                  future administrations. Is your attached email stating something different?

                  Are you against management of the lake reverting to DNR? From the information received at the last
                  meeting (October 10, 2007), federal funding maybe an issue. However, it was stated that DOT has never
                  spent federal funding on the lake, federal funding has been spent only across the Parks Highway on the
                  upland airport for snow removal (I believe this is what was said ). Does DOT receive additional federal
                  funding by keeping Willow Lake under DOT? If so, how much and from what agency does it come?

                  Since DOT has informed us of their authority we have no choice but to do all we can to retain our property
                  rights and our historical uses of the lake. The only way I can see this happening is for DOT to relinquish
                  management responsibility of the lake. If there is another way please tell me? How can DOT justify
                  keeping ILMT (Interagency Land Management Transfer) identified as ADL 18500, when DOT's own
                  Willow Airport Plan signed and dated February 19, 2003, clearly states (paragraph 'L') Willow Lake is not
                  suitable to develop as a seaplane base /airport? My next question is how can you create a LAKE PLAN
                  without creating a SEAPLANE BASE/AIRPORT?

                  The historical use of Willow Lake as been for recreational purposes only, with one small air taxi operating
                  (similar to other lakes managed by DNR, i.e. Long Lake, Big Lake and Horseshoe Lake, etc.). DOT illow
                  Lake has developed as a recreational lake not a seaplane base . has not managed Willow Lake since the
                  transfer of management authority by the ILMT. Consequently, W


                 Again, it appears that the only solution for all users is for management of Willow Lake to revert back to
                 DNR, thusly allowing all uses including Willow Air Taxi and private watercraft. Under DNR our property
                 rights would be protected. Currently, other lakes and rivers in the STATE that Willow Air Taxi operates
                 on are likely under DNR management. So why not Willow Lake? When Willow Air Taxi takeoffs out of
                 Willow Lake they have to land on other lakes or rivers and those are likely managed by DNR.

                  Thank-you for your time and I hope your support.
                  Linda -Lou Holzman

                 907 346-3421

                   -- Original Message -----
                   From: Stroman. Ronald A (DOT)
                   To: Linda Holzman
                   Cc: Palin, Sarah H (GOB ; Von Scheben, Leo (DOT) ; Richards, Frank T (DOT) ;
                   iccklk@acsalaska .net ; Devon. Kurt E (DOTS ; Fullerton, Jack F (DOT); Ruaro. Randall P (GOV)
                   Sent: Tuesday, November 13, 2007 10:49 AM
                   Subject: RE: Willow Lake




                  11/9/2009



                                                                                                                               PRA GSP01_0007837
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                               Page 2 of 3


                   Good morning Linda.

                   I'm sorry I didn't get back to you sooner but I was in Juneau last week . Linda , we are going through the public
                   process for adoption of a ' Lake Use Plan' as you should have been aware from attending the last public
                   meeting . Cheryl Fuglestad is the Willow Lake Compromise Committee Chairperson . She, on behalf of the
                   landowners , submitted a proposal which we used as a basis for the plan that was submitted back to the
                   Committee . I'm sorry if you didn't directly receive the Committee' s draft or the draft sent to the Committee.

                   We (the Committee and the State ) wanted to get something down in print that gives us a starting point for
                   negotiations. We felt that the plan needed to get closer to ready , before we disseminated to every landowner
                   and aviation user for their input . I have received comment from the Committee on our reworked version and I
                   will be contacting Cheryl tomorrow to discuss the plan. If needs be, we will set up a working meeting to hash
                   out details of a plan . If you 'd like to participate please let me or Cheryl know.

                   The department' s authority to initiate and implement a plan for use of the lake can be found under:

                   AS 02 . 10.010. Supervision over aeronautics and communication regulations ; ( b) "The department shall,
                   whenever it considers the action necessary in the interest of general safety or the safety of those engaged in
                   aeronautics, adopt regulations establishing minimum standards with which all air navigation facilities shall
                   comply , and shall adopt and enforce regulations to safeguard from accident and to protect the safety of persons
                   operating or using aircraft and persons and property on the ground , and to develop and promote aeronautics
                   and communications in the State...."

                   AS 02. 15.020. Powers of department; ( a), "The department may perform acts, issue and amend orders, and
                   adopt reasonable general or special regulations and procedures , and establish minimum standards , consistent
                   with the provisions of this chapter, as it considers necessary to carry out the provisions of this chapter." ;

                   AS 02. 15.060 . Establishment , operation , and maintenance; "The department may plan , establish , construct,
                   enlarge, maintain , equip, operate , regulate, protect, and police airports and air navigation facilities within the
                   state."

                   Linda , it was never the intent of the department to invoke 'eminent domain ' over landowners or zone the land
                   around the lake to minimize incompatible land uses (AS 02.25.030-050). What were originally presented by the
                   department' s aviation design group were alternatives . One of the alternatives was to formalize runways on the
                   lake and if that were to occur, then the department would be faced with purchasing certain properties around the
                   lake. This alternative has been removed from consideration.

                   Personally , I'd like for the issue to be resolved at the local level. I was hoping that the land owners and the
                   aviation users could come to an accord without the department's involvement While I appreciate that people
                   want this matter to go away, I don't see that happening without a written plan . Hopefully , this will be
                   accomplished before year end . With your knowledge of land rights, your assistance to make this plan work
                   would be greatly appreciated

                   Thank you for taking the time to let me know your thoughts.

                   Ron Stroman
                   Chief, Statewide Aviation Leasing
                   Division of Aviation
                   Ph.     907-344-2695
                   Fax     907-269-0489
                   Cell     907-240-8295


                   From: Linda Holzman [mailto:lindalu @alaska.net]
                   Sent: Thursday, November 08, 2007 12:03 PM
                   To: Stroman, Ronald A (DOT)
                   Cc: Palln, Sarah H (GOV)
                   Subject: Willow Lake

                   Ron,


                  11/9/2009



                                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01 0007838
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                           Page 3 of 3


                    I've read your proposed Willow lake plan that you sent to Cheryl Fuglestad and no other property owners (that I
                    know of, please correct me if I am wrong). It sounds very much like a plan that is written for one air taxi
                    operator. It pretty much destroys the historical use of the lake. At this point we truly question your authority to
                    change the historical use of Willow Lake. Please provide us with the documentation from your Commissioner as
                    to your authority to create a lake plan with no public process.

                    Ron you should know that there is a process in place that the State of Alaska requires when State
                    Agencies decide to make area plans/lake plans and the process involves many things, one of which is
                    a committee of more than one person. This is necessary because plans restrict uses of State owned
                    land/water and all of the public need to have the opportunity to give their comments. IF DOT would
                    have informed the public in 1964 of these potential water restrictions and DOT's eminent domain
                    authority as DNR requested by letter dated August 11, 1964 we more than likely would not be having
                    this discussion. Public Notice was ignored in 1964 and it appears DOT is trying to ignore the public
                    process again . One person is not the public.

                    Alaska Statutes were written for a reason. DOT needs to comply.

                    Again, the threat for DOT to use eminent domain to take our properties needs to go away. Hopefully
                    you have discussed this very big problem with your department heads and have more of an answer
                    than we don't have to worry about our property be taken during this administration, however who
                    knows what the next 4 years will bring. That of course is not a satisfactory answer to me and others.
                    Please inform me if you can be of any help or have any answers that can make me smile.

                    Thanks, Linda-Lou Holzman 346-3421




                   11/9/2009



                                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0007839
