Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                Page 1 of 1



                   Unknown

                   From :    Perry, Kristina Y (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                             GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTSICN=KYPERRY]
                   Sent:     Tuesday, November 13, 2007 4:07 PM
                   To:       Balash ; Joseph R (GOV); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); 'gov.sarah @yahoo.com'
                   Cc:       Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
                   Subject: MM Update

                 At the meeting on Sunday, both boards approved motions to rent 12 pieces of non-essential equipment
                 to the South Central Joint Venture (SCJV) and they also approved a motion to allow SCJV to use the
                 Mat Maid Logo. SCJV has secured a building; they have secured other equipment both in and out of
                 state, and seem to be moving along to get their plant up and online for Cheese processing by mid-
                 December and for milk processing within 90-120 days or so.

                 Late last week, Kristan did request the$600k from Commissioner Irwin. Based on the fact they have
                 announced shut down dates, Joe A. will begin to lay off employees which will invoke their severance
                 and retention plan benefits which must be paid within 14 days. Her request: The Creamery
                 Corporation is requesting distribution of the $600, 000 approved and appropriated by the Alaska
                 Legislature to DNR for assistance to the Creamery Corporation dba Matanuska Maid Dairy. Pursuant
                 to the supporting budget request, the funds will be used for ongoing business obligations of the Dairy
                 and for employee severance packages related to the upcoming closure in December, 2007. It is
                 understood that the Creamery Corporation will return these funds, br parts thereof, to the State of
                 Alaska ifproceeds from the anticipated sale of corporate assets are sufficient and all of our obligations
                 have been satisfied

                 Also, while MM is not in a position to offer a severance package to the producers today because of
                 current obligations and responsibilities, MM will be in a better position in December if there's a
                 successful bidder on December 7t. Kristan brought this possibility up and is reviewing with attorneys.

                 There was a story in the Frontiersman today and there will likely be a follow-up article with points of
                 clarification that Kristan spoke with them on. ADN is also doing an article; Kristan expects it to be
                 accurate and positive. And, she had a phone interview with Channel 2 this afternoon.

                 Lastly, I've asked Joe Austerman to assist in drafting an Op Ed. Sharon is working on the promotional /
                 feel-good egg nog stuff.



                Kris




                 8/25/2009



                                                                                                                   PRA_GSP01_0007826
