Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From :                  gov.sarah@yahoo.com
              Sent:                   Wednesday, November 14, 2007 11:44 AM
              To:                     Mason; Janice L (GOV)
              Cc:                     Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)
              Subject:                Fw: personal favor


             May we do this...

             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



              -----Original Message-----

             From: Franci Havemeister <francihav@yahoo.com>



             Date: Wed, 14 Nov 2007 12:44:05

             To:Sarah Palin <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

             Subject: personal favor




             Hi Sarah,



             I received this request from my mom about Ron Wendt. I don't know if you remember him but
             he was the janitor at Wasilla Jr and High School when we were in school there.  He passsed
             away this past Saturday and was very proud and vocal of the fact that he knew you when you
             were young.  His wife contacted my Mom and asked that I contact you and see if you could
             possibly write the family a letter of condolence. It would mean a lot to them.



             Thanks and keep up the good work!



             Franci




                                                                 1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0007856
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              -----Original Message-----

              From :   Peggy Zschiegner    ( mailto : peggyz@rogershsa . com <mailto : peggyz@rogershsa.com> ]

              Sent : Wednesday ,   November 14, 2007 11:14 AM

              To: Havemeister ,    Franci A (DNR)

              Subject :   Ron Wendt




              Hi Franci,



              I received a call from Bonnie ( Ron's wife )       informing me that he had

             passed away on Saturday morning.



             Bonnie told me that Ron had always been so proud of the fact that he

             knew Sarah and that he was so blessed by her commitment to the State of

             Alaska.      Ron was a great guy, a gentle giant of a man. He was an

             extremely talented writer with hundreds of published articles and books

             to his credit.



             Bonnie asked me if it would be possible to have you contact Sarah asking

             her write to a letter to the Wendt family . Bonnie said it would mean so

             much to her ,    his parents and siblings.



             Thanks Hon.

                                Love,     Mom




             Bonnie Wendt (Wendt Family)

             PO Box 870624

             Wasilla,     Alaska 99687




             ps: I didn ' t think to get Bonnie ' s home email . If you need it let me

             know.


                                                                 2




                                                                                                            PRA GSP0I_0007857
