Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                          Page 1 of 1



                  Unknown

                  From:     PARNELL, S (GOV sponsored) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                            GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=SRPARNELLI]
                  Sent:     Wednesday, November 14, 2007 3:25 PM
                  To:       'gov. sarah@yahoo.com'
                  Subject: staffing issues, yuck

                  1. I went to talk with Kate about the RTL speech after getting your last email. I found out
                      more of the story. She said that several days ago Beth had told her she had heard that
                      Kate would have a draft ready for you and she directed Kate to send her a copy and she
                      would clear it with Talis before giving it to you. Kate let her know that she had a couple
                      projects due this week for me (I had/have about eight to ten speaking appearances
                      between last Saturday and this Friday), that she was almost complete with and that she
                      would turn her attention to the RTL remarks at the end of this week (Friday).
                  2. After the call, Beth then apparently drafted remarks, shot them over to Talis, who let me
                      know that they had come over as I asked him for thoughts related to what Kate might
                      draft.
                  3. I expect now that Talis told Mike or Beth that he had sent Talis had sent Beth's draft
                      remarks (without his changes) to me but I haven' t shared and don 't plan to share
                      them with Kate. For you, I just want her natural work product and ideas to flow. (I'll look it
                      over for precision and the like but I'm trying to keep her free of other influences so we
                      see what she can do.)
                  4. Mike T. just called in and talked with Kate. He said that Beth had already drafted
                      something, etc. She told him the same message-that you had asked her, that she is
                      happy to do this for you, and that she would get to it so you had plenty of time to review
                      and make changes.

                I'm just going to have Kate do it as you requested, I'll send the remarks directly to you so you
                can use it, merge it with what Beth has done, or chuck it just thought you should know what
                the trail looks like around us on this one.

                Sean




                8/24/2009



                                                                                                             PRA GSP0I_0007875
