Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Unknown
              From:                    PARNELL, S (GOV sponsored ) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                       GROUPICN=RECIPIENTS/CN=SRPARNELLIj
              Sent:                    Friday, November 16, 2007 8:53 AM
              To:                      'gov. sarah@yahoo.com'
              Subject :                Fw: troops returning


              Thought I'd send the schedule below and a suggestion. The generals don't really want us at
              the plane as troops come off with weapons as that, in their view, is traditionally a
              military greeting by commanders. They suggest if we want to participate that we meet with
              the families in the gym where the troops get bussed to after they land. The last thing I
              want to do is greet people as families are reunited, but Jay suggested that arriving early
              at the fieldhouse and saying hello to the spouses before the troops get there could work
              really well.. .and then fade away and let the families unite without us in the middle of
              it. Just wanted you to know what we're thinking. It might be good for you to make one or
              two of these next week if you're able. Let me_ know whether you plan any. I won't be able
              to get to all. (If you scroll down past the message below you'll see tentative dates.)

              Thanks



              Sean




              ----- Original Message -----

              From :   Clifton, Kelly L (GOV)

              To: PARNELL, S (GOV sponsored); Pullins, Jay D (GOV)

              Cc: Showalter, Kristine D (GOV)

              Sent: Fri Nov 16 08:37:38 2007

              Subject: troops returning




              Robert just contacted me and gave me the info below for troops returning, with all times
              very "tentative" except for the one today.




             He said they normally try to wait until they know for sure what time they'll arrive before
             notifying people, since the time changes so drastically every time. I asked him to let us
             know when the wheels of the planes leave the ground in Iraq, and he said he would, and
             then he'll give us updates to the accurate time of arrival here.




             He suggests that you meet the troops in the gym with the families, like you have before,
             rather than the plane, because normally at the plane, only the General is there, and
             they're busy securing their weapons, etc.
                                                                1




                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0007921
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Today: 12:30 PM w/231 pax (this time is pretty set in stone, since the troops have already
               left the ground in the states on their way here)



               SAT:   2:40 PM w/291 pax returning




               MON, NOV 19: 10:40 AM




               TUE, NOV 20:      5 AM




               WED, NOV 21: 6:40 AM




               Kelly Clifton



               Scheduler



              Office of Lieutenant Governor Sean Parnell <http://ltgov.state.ak.us/>



               "Alaskans without fear; Alaskans with hope and opportunity."



              Anchorage, Alaska



               (907) 269-7460




              FAX: (907) 269-0263




                                                              2




                                                                                                        PRA_GSP01_0007922
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                From: Kristine Showalter [mailto:kris@dshowalter.com]

                Sent: Friday, November 16, 2007 7:04 AM

                To: Clifton, Kelly L (GOV)

                Cc: Pullins, Jay D (GOV); PARNELL, S (GOV sponsored)

                Subject:   Re: more troops




                I know he was gone, but I was thinking more about the flights returning this week. Oh
                well. Right now they're scheduled to land at 1245, but thats already been delayed so who
                knows, they could get delayed till later and-the boss may still be able to go. I'll let
                you know if I hear anymore.




                On Nov 15 ,   2007 ,   at 10 : 21 PM ,   Clifton, Kelly L (GOV)     wrote:




                I'll ask him tomorrow.. .he just returned from two weeks in Colorado, so it's not like he's
                been here to keep us informed. I'll ask him about the troops returning in the morning.




               From: Kristine Showalter          [ mailto : kris @dshowalter.com]

               Sent :   Thu 11/15/07 10:06 PM

               To: Clifton, Kelly L (GOV)

               Cc: Pullins ,    Jay D ( GOV); PARNELL ,      S (GOV sponsored)

               Subject :   Re: more troops


                                                                        3




                                                                                                                  PRA_GSP0I_0007923
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Its up to the boss if he wants you to ask . I"m just curious why Robert hasn ' t been keeping
               you informed . Its in the paper now too... the paper says tomorrow afternoon . Parker says
               tomorrow morning.




               On Nov 15 ,    2007 ,   at 9:32 PM ,   Clifton, Kelly L (GOV) wrote:




               I haven ' t heard from Robert on this one yet ... just let me know if I should call him.




              From : Kristine Showalter        [ mailto : kris@dshowalter.com)

              Sent : Thu 11 / 15/07 7:58 PM

              To: Pullins ,    Jay D    ( GOV); PARNELL ,   S (GOV sponsored );   Clifton ,   Kelly L (GOV)

              Subject : more troops




              Has anyone heard there are more troops coming in tomorrow morning?

              Dont know time or anything just that they are . We might want to check

              in and find out what time . Not sure that the LG will have time before

              Kenai anyway , but it would be nice if they were at least letting us

              know.




                                                                     4




                                                                                                                PRA_GSP01_0007924
