Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                       Page 1 of 1



                  Unknown

                  From :    Tibbles, Michael A (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                            GROU P/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=MATI BBLESj
                  Sent:     Saturday , November 17, 2007 10:41 AM
                  To:       Sarah Palin
                  Subject: public announcements

                Governor,

                I have been going over my to do list and I wanted to give you a quick update of the items we are working on as
                news/public announcements from now until the end of the year . I am scheduled to fly up to Anchorage Monday
                night and stay until Wednesday night . This will give me an opportunity to spend some time focusing on the
                budget and energy . I am going to work on the energy administrative order today and I am hopeful while in
                Anchorage, we can meet with Emil to talk about AIDEA ( emergency board meeting ) and also meet with Emil and
                Irwin regarding the AO and other energy components.

                Anyway, if there is something that stands out as being absent, please let me know.

                Bill signing for ACES
               Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




                AGIA applications
               Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




               Habitat - We can announce your decision based upon the completed multi-agency review.
              Privileged or Personal Material Redacted


               Mat-Maid - Hope fully we will have good news regarding purchase proposals.
               Legislation - We can announce any of our legislation (once completed ) for next session . I will keep working with
               Russ on potential bills.

               Let me know if you would like me to forward this to the Lt. Governor. Since he is out talking to so many groups, it
               might be helpful.

               Mike




                8/25/2009



                                                                                                                            PRA_GSPO1_0007974
