Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                               Page 1 of 2


                  Unknown

                   From:    Leschper, Beth (GOV) [beth.leschper©alaska.gov]
                  Sent:     Sunday, November 18, 2007 3:40 PM
                  To:       ExtemalEmailgsp
                  Cc:       Mason; Janice L (GOV); Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored)
                  Subject: Monday Remarks for Aviation Day
                  Governor:

                  I finailly got an answer about the order of the program. I've attached a Word document
                  (first page is event details, pages 2-3 your remarks and the rest is background.) The last
                  of your remarks is the introduction of the speaker to follow you.

                  Please let me know if you have any trouble accessing this and I 'll re-send.

                  Beth



                  Thank you General Campbell and all of you here today for your warm welcome! I'm so
                  happy to join you for Aviation Day.

                  In 1886, Mark Twain said, "The air up there in the clouds is very pure and fine, bracing
                  and delicious . And why shouldn 't it be? -it is the same the angels breathe."

                  And he hadn't been in a plane ! He said this 17 years before Orville Wright flew the
                  'Flyer" at Kitty Hawk (North Carolina) in 1903!

                  How many of you have watched an eagle soar across our Alaskan skies and wanted to
                  do the same?

                  (Pause)

                  Flying teaches you that you can accomplish anything if you put your mind to it, its so
                  challenging . No two flights are the same. You learn patience and how to figure things
                  out for yourself - plus its a lot of fun!

                 Alaska is such a unique place - nowhere else in the world do people depend on
                 aviation. Airplanes are the only way to travel to many of the most remote parts of our
                 state.

                 Because of our remote , unpopulated , rugged and diverse landscape , Alaska is on the
                 cutting edge of research and development for aviation.

                 One example is a new digital map of our state - it's being created to more accurately
                 show elevation , and location of mountains, rivers and valleys.

                 Aviators rely on these kinds of accurate maps in simulators - and to stay out of danger
                 in real-world scenarios.


                  11/9/2009



                                                                                                                 PRA GSPO1_0007976
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                          Page 2 of 2


                  Models and simulators are important - they help us learn how to build aircraft and they
                  replicate the experience of flying an aircraft as closely and realistically as possible.

                  Two very famous pilots - and Apollo astronauts - Neil Armstrong and Frank Borman began
                  their aviation careers with airplane models. Borman commanded Apollo 8 the first spacecraft to
                  fly around the moon and Armstrong was the first person to step foot on the moon.

                  (pause)

                  Aviation safety is improving in here in our state and across the nation because of Alaskan-led
                  development of new aviation and space surveillance technology.

                  Now, for those of you who think you might be interested in aviation , the industry needs people
                  like you to be pilots , flight instructors , air traffic controllers , mechanics and engineers.

                  Aviation is a career that involves all of the subjects you're studying - math and science are
                  important - but so are language arts , social studies.

                  These would be great career paths for you to choose - and these are jobs that we will-need in
                  Alaska.

                  I'd like to close with a quote from Amelia Earhart , a famous woman pilot. She said, "You
                  haven't seen a tree until you've seen its shadow from the sky."

                  I encourage any of you here today - young men and young women alike - to pursue your
                  passion - if you work and study hard , you can achieve anything!

                  (Pause)

                  I'm now pleased to introduce Roberta Degenhardt (Day-ghen-hart), a professional pilot with
                  more than 11,000 hours of flight time. She is rated in both jets and helicopters.

                  Inspired by flying with her father, a private pilot who owned a Piper Tri -pacer, she decided to
                  pursue a career in aviation . She is a graduate of Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University in
                  Daytona Beach , Florida.

                  Roberta returned to her home in New York , where she worked as a flight instructor and flew as
                  a charter pilot on multi-engine aircraft including the Beech Baron , Piper Navajo, Beech Kingair,
                  Cessna Citation 550, Canadair Challenger 603. She has also piloted helicopters , float planes
                  and gliders.

                  In 1995 Roberta left corporate aviation for a job flying for Federal Express , which brought her
                  to Anchorage for the first time in January 2000 . Having visited all 50 of the United States, and
                  numerous other countries, she decided to make Alaska her home and moved here in March of
                  2001.




                  11/9/2009



                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0007977
