Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
             From :                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
             Sent:                    Sunday, November 18, 2007 6:19 PM
             To:                      Leschper, Beth (GOV)
             Cc:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV); Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored)
             Subject:                 Re: Monday Remarks for Aviation Day


             Thanks Beth!  I'm just now getting into afternoon emails, so I'll read this over but don't
             anticipate needing anything else for the speech tomorrow. Thank you for doing this!

             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



             -----Original Message-----

             From: "Leschper,    Beth (GOV)" <beth.leschper@alaska.gov>



             Date: Sun, 18 Nov 2007 15:40:13

             To:Governor Palin <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

             Cc:"Mason, Janice L (GOV)" <janice.mason@alaska.gov>, govpalin@alaska.gov

             Subject: Monday Remarks for Aviation Day




             Governor :

             I finallly got an answer about the order of the program. I-'ve attached a Word document
             (first page is event details, pages 2-3 your remarks and the rest is background.) The last
             of your remarks is the introduction of the speaker to follow you.

             Please let me know if you have any trouble accessing this and I'll re-send.

             Beth



             Thank you General Campbell and all of you here today for your warm welcome! I'm so happy
             to join you for Aviation Day.

             In 1886, Mark Twain said, "The air up there in the clouds is very pure and fine, bracing
             and delicious. And why shouldn't it be? -it is the same the angels breathe."

             And he hadn't been in a plane! He said this 17 years before Orville Wright flew the
             "Flyer" at Kitty Hawk (North Carolina) in 1903!

             How many of you have watched an eagle soar across our Alaskan skies and wanted to do the
             same?

             (Pause)

             Flying teaches you that you can accomplish anything if you put your mind to it, it's so
             challenging. No two flights are the same. You learn patience and how to figure things out
             for yourself - plus it's a lot of fun!


                                                                  1




                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01_0007986
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Alaska is such a unique place - nowhere else in the world do people depend on aviation.
             Airplanes are the only way to travel to many of the most remote parts of our state.



             Because of our remote, unpopulated, rugged and diverse landscape, Alaska is on the cutting
             edge of research and development for aviation.



             One example is a new digital map of our state - it's being created to more accurately show
             elevation, and location of mountains, rivers and valleys.



             Aviators rely on these kinds of accurate maps in simulators - and to stay out of danger in
             real-world scenarios.

             Models and simulators are important - they help us learn how to build aircraft and they
             replicate the experience of chttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flying> flying an
             <http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aircraft> aircraft as closely and realistically as possible.

             Two very famous pilots - and Apollo astronauts - Neil Armstrong and Frank Borman began
             their aviation careers with airplane models. Borman commanded Apollo 8 the first
             spacecraft to fly around the moon and Armstrong was the first person to step foot on the
             moon.

              (pause)



             Aviation safety is improving in here in our state and across the nation because of
             Alaskan-led development of new aviation and space surveillance technology.
       i

             Now, for those of you who think you might be interested in aviation, the industry needs
             people like you to be pilots, flight instructors, air traffic controllers, mechanics and
             engineers.



             Aviation is a career that involves all of the subjects you're studying - math and science
             are important - but so are language arts, social studies.



             These would be great career paths for you to choose - and these are jobs that we will need
             in Alaska.



             I'd like to close with a quote from Amelia Earhart, a famous woman pilot. She said, "You
             haven' t seen a tree until you' ve seen its shadow from the sky."



             I encourage any of you here today - young men and young women alike - to pursue your
             passion - if you work and study hard, you can achieve anything!



             (Pause)



                                                          2




                                                                                                      PRA_GSP01_0007987
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             I'm now pleased to introduce Roberta Degenhardt (Day-ghen-hart), a professional pilot with
             more than 11,000 hours of flight time. She is rated in both jets and helicopters.



             Inspired by flying with her father, a private pilot who owned a Piper Tri-pacer, she
             decided to pursue a career in aviation. She is a graduate of Embry-Riddle Aeronautical
             University in Daytona Beach , Florida.



             Roberta returned to her home in New York , where she worked as a flight instructor and flew
             as a charter pilot on multi - engine aircraft including the Beech Baron , Piper Navajo, Beech
             Kingair , Cessna Citation 550, Canadair Challenger 603. She has also piloted helicopters,
             float planes and gliders.

                         In 1995 Roberta left corporate aviation for a job flying for Federal Express,
             which brought her to Anchorage for the first time in January 2000. Having visited all 50
             of the United States, and numerous other countries, she decided to make Alaska her home
             and moved here in March of 2001.




                                                           3




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0007988
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 Natural first parents                                                                                   Page 1 of 2



                   Unknown

                   From:      Fagerstrom, Erika (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                              GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/C N=EFAG ERSTROM]
                   Sent:      Sunday, November 18, 2007 3:38 PM
                   To:        gov.sarah@yahoo.com
                   Subject: FW: Natural first parents

                I just love your parents; its so cool to see an article that captures what a unique treasure they are!! Thanks for
                sharing!

                A huge congratulations on the passing of the oil tax bill!!! Thanks for your hard work and persistence! God is
                good ! Plus- great picture on the front page of the Jnu Empire!

                Erika


                From: Anchorage Daily News on behalf of s
                Sent: Sun 11/18/2007 9:56 AM
                To: Fagerstrom, Erika (GOV)
                Subject: Natural first parents

                The following adn.com article was sent by:

                  s (gov.sarah@yahoo.com)

                And s had this to say:

                Ma and Pa Heath...



                Natural first parents
                Chuck and Sally Heath's lives emphasize an affinity with wilderness

               By MELISSA DeVAUGHN, mdevaughn@adn.com

               Published: November 18, 2007

               WASILLA
               -- Think Gov. Sarah Palin is an interesting person?

               You haven't met Chuck and Sally
               Heath, the Wasilla couple responsible for bringing Alaska's
               first female governor into this world. From hunting and hiking
               to fishing and skiing, there's very little Alaska's first
               parents have not tried outdoors. And at 69 and 67, respectively,
               they show no signs of slowing down.

               "When it comes to taking advantage of all of Alaska's amazing
               outdoor opportunities, they seize those opportunities --
               spring, summer, winter and fall," said Palin of her parents.
               "They go without a lot of sleep, I think, but they still
               have more energy than anybody else I know.

               You can read the full story online at:




               8/26/2009



                                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0007989
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 Natural first parents                                                                              Page 2 of 2


                 b ://www.adn com/outdoors/story/946355lp-93748I8c html

                                                        -- - - --------
                 This article is protected by copyright and should not be
                 printed or distributed for anything except personal use.
                 For information on reprinting this article or placing it
                 on your Web site, please contact the Daily News marketing
                 department at (907) 257-4429 or marketing®adn.com.




                8/26/2009



                                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0007990
