Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
             From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
             Sent:                    Monday, November 19, 2007 9:27 AM
             To:                      tawnythatchery@hotmail.com
             Subject :                RE: Other


             Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
             information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
             unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
             being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
             need, suggestion, or comment.



             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov. state .ak.us [mailto:WebMailegov.state.ak.us]

             Sent : Sunday, November 18, 2007 12:54 PM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin      (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Other




             Web mail from: Ms. Angelie Perryman

             address :   765 N. Gulkana Ct. Palmer AK 99645

              907-746-6609




             MESSAGE:

             Dear Sarah -

             It's that time of year when I take stock, re-evaluate & remember people & things I am
             thankful for.  So, with this in mind I'd like to take the time to tell you how THANKFUL I
             am to have you looking out for us & loving us (i.e., your fellow Alaskans). Thank you for
             putting yourself last.   I think of the time in my life when I was an ass & you helped me
             and how that one instance changed my whole life. Thank you Governor Palin for looking out
             for us.  Thank you for letting the Lord use you. Thank you for being a shining example to
             our up and coming young ladies. Thank you for your courage and your thick skin! God's
             Blessings to you & yours!



             Angelie Darkwood-Perryman (nee' Coyne)



             tawnythatcheryahotmail.com




                                                                  1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01 _0008000
