Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From:                   Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored) [govpalin@alaska.gov]
              Sent:                   Monday, November 19, 2007 6:55 AM
              To:                     Rutherford; Marty K (DNR)
              Subject:                Re: Contact information for suggested AGIA' phone calls


              Got it and I'll call. Thanks so much Marty!



              ----- Original Message -----

              From: Rutherford, Marty K (DNR)

              To: ExternalEmailgsp; Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored); govpalin@yahoo.com
              <govpalin@yahoo.com>

              Sent: Mon Nov 19 06:52:03 2007

              Subject: FW: Contact information for suggested AGIA' phone calls



              Governor,

              I apologize for sending this e-mail to three addresses , but I wasn't sure which address
              would reach you.

              Since sending the contact information for TransCanada & MidAmerican pipeline companies to
              you on Friday, I have learned there is more current information for Hal Kvisle at
              TransCanada since his normal scheduler is not available.  Therefore this version of the
              document is more current.



             I have also learned that today Hal Kvisle is receiving the final proposed AGIA'
             application for his review and that he will be reviewing it carefully. I am advised he
             will be deciding whether or not to support it with the TransCanada' Board of Directors
             based upon his sense of whether the AGIA' Licensee will actually be able to get'the Firm
             Transportation (FT) commitments during an Open Season.   Therefore I'm sure he will be
             asking you whether you are willing to do whatever it takes to get the gas. Thus it turns
             out that the timing of this call is perfect and it also becomes critical for you to convey
             that, once we have an AGIA' partner, we will use all our sovereign powers to ensure the
             Open Season process is successful.



             Thank you again, Governor, for your willingness to do this.

             Marty




             -----Original Message-----

             From: Rutherford, Marty K (DNR)

             Sent: Fri 11/16/2007 5:14 PM

             TO: 'gov.sarahoyahoo.com'


                                                                    1




                                                                                                              PRA GSPO1_0007995
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Subject: Contact information for suggested AGIA' phone calls



              Governor,



             Thanks for taking the time to speak with me earlier today. Like everyone, I'm sending up
             prayers that the legislature does the right thing for Alaska during today's ACES' debate.




             During yesterday's phone conversation we discussed the possibility of you making telephone
             calls to the TransCanada & MidArnerican CEO's, conveying your hope they choose to
             participate in the AGIA process . Here are more specifics for those phone calls. For your
             information, the contact information I have for these two CEO's are their work contact
             information,. therefore I would suggest you make these calls early next week. Finally, the
             messaging suggestions are somewhat tailored to the particular party in order to address
             issues that I know to be their concerns:




             1)   TransCanada Pipelines Ltd.




             Hal Kvisle, President and CEO (Kvisle is pronounced KWISLEE)




             Corporate Headquarters :    Calgary, Alberta, Canada




             Hal Kvisle' s Scheduler is Janna Laberge @ Phone # 403 -920-7710.




             General Information:



             *     I believe you have previously spoken with Hal Kvisle on the phone re: the AGIA
             process

             *      TransCanada's primary contact person for Alaska is Tony Palmer;

             *     Tony Palmer' s boss , who heads their gasline effort, is Russ Girling,
             President /Pipelines




                                                             2




                                                                                                         PRA_GSPO1_0007996
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Suggested Message:



            Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




            2) MidAmerican Energy Holdings Company



            David Sokol, Chairman and CEO      ( Sokol is pronounced SEW-KULL)




            Corporate Headquarters : Omaha ,    Nebraska




            Phone # 402 - 231-1400



                                                              3
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              David Sokol' s Assistant / Scheduler is Barbara Tracy @ Phone # 402-231-1402




              General Information;



              *     You and I had breakfast with David Sokol in Washington DC in late February and since
              then I believe you have spoken with him on the phone;

             *     David Sokol is one of two CEO's that report directly to Warren Buffet . MidAmerican
             is a subsidiary of Warren Buffet's company , Berkshire Hathaway , Inc.  David is also an
             owner in Berkshire Hathaway , which is a diversified , privately held company.




             Suggested Message:


            Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




                                                               4




                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0007998
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Once again , Governor, your willingness to assist the AGIA effort is greatly appreciated by
             your Gasline Team.



             Marty




                                                          5




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0007999
