  Unknown

  From :       Ivy Frye [Ivy_Frye@gov. state. ak.us]
  Sent:     Tuesday, April 03, 2007 10:12 PM
  To,       Todd Palin
  Subject : FW: Press Release: Governor Appoints Two to Board of Fisheries
  Todd,

  Here is the Board of Fisheries press release incase you have anybody you want to send it on to.

  Take care,

  Ivy


  From : Sharon Busch [mailto:sharon_busch@gov.state.ak.us]
  Sent: Friday, March 30, 2007 11:33 AM
  To: GOV - PRESS RELEASE DISTRIBUTION
  Subject : Press Release: Governor Appoints Two to Board of Fisheries


  iX




  FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE                                                   07-066

                          Governor Appoints Two to Board of Fisheries


  March 30, 2007, Juneau, AK - Governor Sarah Palin today announced the appointment of
  Howard Delo of Big Lake and Vince Webster of King Salmon, to the Alaska Board of
  Fisheries.

  "I am honored that Howard and Vince have offered their experience and expertise to the
  Board of Fish," said Governor Palin. "Both of these men bring added value and balance to a
  very important board. I look forward to the good work they will help produce on behalf of
  all regions and user groups in the state."

  Delo retired from the Alaska Department of Fish and Game in 1999, after a notable 21-year
  career as a biologist and fish culturist. He is a certified and active hunter education
  instructor and boating safety instructor. Delo currently serves on the Alaska Boating Safety
  Advisory Council and is chair of the Mat-Su Valley Fish and Game Advisory Committee. He
  received a Master of Science degree in Wildlife Management from the University of Maine.
  Delo fills the seat of Art Nelson from South Central, whose term expires June 30, 2007.

  Webster is currently the Lake and Peninsula School District Facilities and Maintenance
  Director. He also serves as co-chair of the Naknek/Kvichak Fish and Game Advisory

                                                                                                ROSTON 00121
  10/15/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
  Committee, a position he has held for 15 years. Webster served in the United States Air Force
  from 1975-1982. During his military service, he managed a boat dock and charter boat in King
  Salmon. Webster is also a long-time hunter and recreational fisherman. He fills the seat of Robert
  Heyano of Bristol Bay, whose term expires June 30, 2007.

  The seven members of the Alaska Board of Fisheries are appointed by the governor to conserve
  and develop the fishery resources of the state. This involves setting seasons, bag limits, methods
  and means for the state's subsistence, commercial, sport, guided sport, and personal use fisheries,
  and it involves setting policy and direction for the management of the state's fishery resources.
  The board is charged with making allocative decisions, while the Department of Fish and Game is
  responsible for management based on those decisions. All appointees are subject to legislative
  confirmation.

                                                   ###


  Sharon Busch
  Office of the Governor
  Executive Secretary for Press & Communications
  Phone: 907-465-4031




                                                                                     ROSTON 00122
  10/15/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
