Unknown

From :                   paul fuhs [paulfuhs@earthlink.net]
Sent :                   Monday, April 16, 2007 5:07 PM
To:                      Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored); Todd Palin; Rutherford; Marty K (DNR); Patrick S
                         Galvin; Irwin; Tom E (DNR); Balash; Joseph R (GOV)
Subject :                Producer concerns


Listening to the producers and hearing what they are presenting to other

groups I offer the following:



They are picking around the edges of things that may sound unfair and

exclusive to cover up their most cherished goal: reduced oil and gas taxes

locked in for 45 years. ( they told the AGC 55 years last week.)



They raise the issues of how a plan can be changed if conditions change,

even if they were forseeable. The amendment I gave the committee which

allows for improvements will cover that. I understand it is going in to the

house and senate cs.



On timelines, you can't give on that or there will be no accountability. I

think the legislature understands that.



On allowing general objectives rather than specific criteria, I think the

legislature understands that means going back to SGDA and puts the state in

a compromised negotiating position.



The one I think they are getting some traction on is the issue on access to

a coordinator and expedited permitting. People are wondering why we

wouldn't expedite governmental processes for any project. Wendy King

                                                        1                                     ROSTON 00161




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
claimed that under agia , they wouldn't even be able to do any field work for

a project that wasn 't under agia. I don 't know if that is true but should

be addressed.



It seems that making the coordinator available to any project wouldn't harm

agia much compared to everything else.



The ten year tax freeze would still be in place and if they want to go

beyond that with their "resource terms" it will be bare naked to everyone

that this is just an attempt to extort the state.



If someone wants to build a bullet line for example, as enstar talked about

today, and they weren't working under agia, it wouldn't hurt to expedite

that project either. They basically said today that a canadian project is

so far off that they will have to consider a bullet line.



I think making the coordinator available to any project would help keep all

the rest in place.



Paul fuhs




                                                       2                        ROSTON 00162




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
