Unknown

From:                    paul fuhs [paulfuhs@earthlink.net]
Sent:                   Wednesday, April 18, 2007 10:02 AM
To:                     Todd Palin; Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored); Rutherford; Marty K (DNR); Patrick S
                         Galvin; Irwin; Tom E (DNR); Balash; Joseph R (GOV); bill walker; Lori Backes;
                        jwhitaker@co.fairbanks.ak.us
Subject:                 Chamber minutes


Here are the minutes of the anchorage chamber meeting with rep samuels.

Very enlightening. Several people from other industry orgs there also. The

aogcc testimony yesterday has many legislators and others very concerned.

There will be a lot more discussion on this before it is over.



Paul fuhs




                                                       1                                   ROSTON 00165




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
                                 Anchorage Chamber of Commerce
                                 State/National Affairs Committee
                                 Meeting Notes
        ANCHORAGE CHAMBER
           of C O M M E R C E



April 16, 2007, 9:30-11 a.m.




In attendance: Tom Williams, committee co-chair, BP Alaska; Dick Cattanach, Associated General Contractors;
Representative Ralph Samuels; Larry Wiget, Baywind Communications; Caitlin Higgins, Alaska Conservation Voters;
Harold Heinze, Alaska Natural Gas Development Authority (ANGDA); Steve Pratt; Dave Haugen, Lynden; Kara
Moriarty, Alaska Oil & Gas Association; Jeff Jones, Morris Communications; Bob Bulmer, Alaska Executive Search;
Karen Matthias, Canadian Consulate; Mary Ann Pease, MAP Consulting; Laurie Fagnani, Marketing Solutions, Patty
Bielawski, Jade North; Pete Stokes, PRA.

Staff: Stacy Schubert, president, Anchorage Chamber of Commerce; Emily Ford, government & external affairs manager,
Anchorage Chamber of Commerce


Agenda items:
1. Call to Order/Introductions
2. Today's Presentations-Alaska Gasline Inducement Act (AGIA)
         a. Representative Ralph Samuels

Committee Co-Chair Tom Williams calls the meeting to order and requests introductions.

Rep. Samuels: As the Anchorage Chamber begins to examine the AGIA policy, my hope is that you all will
look at what the risks are in the big picture. Not the risks with the project itself, but the risks with the process.

If the Governor is absolutely correct and we pass the Bill with no amendments, and the industry is bluffing a
little, and we get to the Open Season, and the companies all show up, we all win. If the Governor is wrong
what are the risks to the economy? In the worst case scenario, we pick a licensee, pay 50 percent of the money
to get to an Open Season, we pay 80 percent of the money to get to a FERC certificate, and at the Open Season
and FERC, no one shows up-we are 11 years down the line without a project. The Legislature needs to keep
personalities separate from the issues.

Changes made to the Bill thus far/Discussion Points:

        $500 million- Why $500 million? The original Bill said a licensee had to take the money, up to the
         Open Season-even if it was BP, ConocoPhillips, and Exxon.

         Out of the $500 million, how much of it would be spent before the Open Season? If you are an oil
         company and you know the Open Season will be successful, you will do most of the work before Open
         Season. ConocoPhillips has testified that they would likely spend $400 million just getting to the Open
         Season. There is no risk to you; you know it will be successful, it is your gas and you will bid the gas
         into it.
                                                                                                ROSTON 00166




 Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
     If you are Mid America or TransCanada and you have not partnered with an oil company, that upfront
     money is totally a risk if no one shows up to the Open Season. You will do as little up front work as
     possible and still hope to get customers. So, if they spend $100 million, Alaska is on the hook for $50
     million. They could still go to Open Season and the oil industry may not bid the gas. The Bill then
     requires you go through the Open Season, to the FERC requirement. Then, the licensee can bid up to 80
     percent of the money. After the failed Open Season, the State is then paying up to 80 percent of the
     money as you continue down the road. The reason is that a private entity is going to look at their capital
     risk before and after an Open Season. TransCanada has testified that they do not feel it is a wise use of
     their capital to continue after a failed Open Season. Enbridge has testified that they will not participate
     at all, unless they have partnered with someone who has the gas. Mid America has said it is just fine the
     way it is.

     In the first committee referral in the House and Senate, the language was changed that you did not have
     to take the money before the Open Season; the language was changed to up to 50 percent. When you
     calculate the net present value of the entire project, that upfront money is going to count for quite a bit.
     So the lower you bid, the better chance your net present value numbers are better. That change was
     made in concurrence with the Administration.

     The money is there to entice the companies to lower their risk before an Open Season. When the real
     risk comes after a failed Open Season, it jumps to 80 percent. That is the reason for the percentages to
     entice those companies to participate in the process.

    Selection Process: The first committee in House and Senate also made changes here. The
     Commissioners of DNR and Revenue will "pick a winner". In the Bill it did not specify evaluation
     methods, if there was going to be a weighted scale etc. If the Legislature did not act, it was assumed we
     therefore agree with the Commissioners. The problem is if a "winner" is selected in May, it takes a two-
     thirds vote to call the Legislature back into session. The Governor will not call a special session,
     because she will agree with the selection of her Commissioners. So you could have a small minority
     stop you from calling yourself back into session if you did not agree with the selection.

     We could not find a way to weight the criteria, so we gave the Legislature a positive vote. Meaning, if
     the Legislature did not vote, the project dies the Legislature must vote to approve. This ensures the
     two Commissioners will have to testify to the Legislature about their thought/evaluation process.

     Williams questioned the constitutionality of the Legislature positive vote and cited the Separations of
     Powers Doctrine. Williams further added that The Supreme Court has ruled the Legislature cannot
     perform executive functions. Discussion. Rep. Samuels: the Administration has agreed to the vote. The
     Legislature has asked for legal opinions and this will remain an issue of discussion.

     Heinze: As a matter of public policy, in regards to the contracting for the sale of oil, the law provides
     very limited authority to the commissioners. The Legislature has to vote to approve the contract. I don't
     see this as much different. Williams: As long as no one objects, it is not unconstitutional. That does
     not mean it would stand up to a challenge. Further discussion.

     Heinze: Last week the committee discussed how much we want to go into the details of law versus how
     much we want to discuss objectives and principles. For instance, in this case, as a matter of policy the
     citizens are most interested in having this major decision as carefully considered as possible. One way
     of achieving this is having 60 legislators reviewing the decision of two commissioners. The concept is a
     good check and balance.

     Rep. Samuels: It is the same as the constitutionality issue of locking in taxes. We have a request L..J hire




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
    yet another constitutional lawyer. If we hired 10 different constitutional lawyers we would receive 10
    different opinions. Heinze: That is what I am getting at, as a committee, I thought we decided to focus
    on those statements of principle that the Anchorage Chamber can make and outline what we want
    accomplished. We can give that to the Legislature as feedback. Rep. Samuels: I think that a group such
    as a chamber is more effective saying that philosophically this is what we believe-- this is what is right,
    this is what is wrong. Williams: The Legislature is an institution designed not to get things done. It
    takes an extraordinary consensus for something to pass. If the default is no, if the Legislature fails to act
    and the applicant is rejected, it is bad policy given the nature of the institution. It is a bad solution to
    deal with the problem that the Legislature is not in session eight months of the year. It is better to say
    that things cannot move forward until the Legislature is in session. Rep. Samuels: It is easier not to act
    and vote something down than get something done, you are right. That is the frustrating part of the
    session. But, on this particular issue, I agree with Harold. You are going to want 60 different eyes
    looking at this deal. Force us, force the Legislature, to take a position and say what we think. Force us
    to study the issue. The fear I have is that we would get to a session and never even vote on the issue.
    That is the politician's way out.

    Heinze: To go back to the $500 million issue, the reason that money was included was to encourage
    something to happen .... a positive result. Again, as we discussed during last week's committee meeting,
    we all readily agreed that the most important thing is for something to happen. For nothing to happen
    would be disastrous from a chamber point of view. Rep. Samuels added that bad things can happen, too.
    Heinze: Has there been any testimony or discussion at the legislative level about the alternatives for
    inducement, other than the $500 million? Rep. Samuels: There has been discussion about restructuring
    the $500 million and making it an equity position. For example, let's say someone bids that they will
    take the $500 million and that equates to 60 percent of the total money. The State would then have the
    option to buy 60 percent of the pipeline. If the State takes 60 percent of the risk, it can take the option to
    buy. If the State decides it does not want to own a pipeline, they can sell that option. You will make
    more than $500 million to sell that option, especially if it is a successful Open Season. There has also
    been discussion to make the $500 million a loan. The problem is how do you get your loan back? The
    reason for a company to take $500 is to reduce their risk. If the project goes sideways, then you have
    gotten away from the philosophy of the $500 million. Frankly, the $500 million is not meant for the oil
    companies, it was meant to induce third party companies. It is get the third party companies to partner
    with an oil company and reduce their risk.

    Heinze: One of the ways to help the project is for the State to come forward with a completion
    guarantee. Rep. Samuels: So, we'll give you the $500 million if you get to a successful Open Season. It
    is like a little candy at the end of the trail. Heinze: A completion guarantee is valuable. Rep. Samuels: I
    have not heard those discussions, but we are willing to talk. Heinze: So there really has not been much
    discussion about the $500 million and how to use it? Rep. Samuels: More on the upstream side. The
    discussion has been if it is a wise use of the State's $500 million if you go down the road and end up
    with a third party pipeline and they have an unsuccessful Open Season and you change your mind and
    decide to make a better deal with the producers ... if you jump ship on the third party, you pay triple
    damages on what they have spent to get out of the contract. The longer you wait and the more money
    spent the higher risk to the State. If the third party company spends the $500 million ($500 million of
    their money, $500 million of the State's) it would take $1.5 billion to get out of the contract.

    What are the risks to the State for an unsuccessful Open Season? I have been asked why an oil company
    would not go to the Open Season. Who knows why, but Exxon probably has the best bond rating out
    there, except the U.S. Government; their money is cheaper. If TransCanada or Mid America wants to go
    out and borrow the money, it will be more expensive and thus, a higher tariff.

    Pratt: Can you mitigate that risk or is there anyway to force the resource owners to sell the gas on the
    North Slope if they do not want to participate for any reason?
                                                                                             ROSTON 00168




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
      Rep. Samuels: If you offer Exxon or BP or Conoco a price less the transportation rate at the wellhead,
      and they did not have to ship it, they would probably sell it tomorrow. But whoever buys the gas pays
      the shipping risk. You have to pay the pipeline company no matter what-that's where the risk ends up.
      Board Rooms around the world are going to look at this project and ask what if I had to go six months
      without gas? What if Prudhoe Bay shuts down? You have to pay the pipeline company. If the State
      takes the risk, you have to pay the pipeline company and you have no gas to sell. How much risk is there
      and how much money would it cost us? Companies are asking what if things go sideways, how much
      capital am I willing to put in? Maybe Rex Tillerson, as Chairman of Exxon, is saying we can make
      money on this deal, but if we wait two years? Alaska will have voted on an income tax or to spend
      earnings of the Permanent Fund. After it is felt in the pocketbooks of Alaskans, tax rates may go down
      and Exxon may be able to get a better deal. Maybe the price of oil will go up. What are the
      consequences of these variables happening? We don't know what those Board Rooms are saying. We
      don't care about (the Open Season) in Newfoundland and the shareholders of Exxon don't care about
      us...they care about making a profit for their company.

      Pease: Are there any discussions in Juneau about any of the Producers partnering with other companies
      or going off on their own? Are any of their testimonies/comments aligned?
      Rep. Samuels: They would never tell us. We asked every company that testified (the three producer
      companies) if they could ship gas without their partners and they all answered "it depends". Williams:
      How, as a business, would you deal with that issue? How would you design the pipe? Would you
      design the pipeline for your portion of the gas and the State's royalty gas? Under what terms and
      conditions? If you had two partners who were indeed "sitting on the gas" and you were ready to go,
      how would the regulatory system accommodate you to be whole for incurring a disproportionate
      expenditure at greater risk than a company that joins later? Rep. Samuels continues: Then there is not
      enough gas to build a larger cross-continent project, so you build a smaller project to Valdez. Then you
      can see the scenario where you would say that you will build the larger project later but now there is not
      enough gas to go cross-continent and you are looking at a project of twice the tariff, one-quarter the gas.

      Heinze: I am a careful listener and am not sure I have heard the debate on that very issue. Are we really
      debating on one approach that says we need. to have a pipeline that not only handles everything we've
      got and everything we know about, but also 50-100 percent more than that? Traditionally, larger
      corporations do not commit everything they think is there. There is a guy called a corporate controller
      who is very conservative and pays close attention to this issue. Traditionally, the industry does not make
      long-term commitments beyond what its got that's the safe way to do it. If you look at the Mackenzie
      example. The sponsors are not looking at a pipeline that handles not only what they have, and what
      could possibly be there, but rather can handle a high percentage of what they've got. Have we debated
      any of that during the deliberations? Rep. Samuels: The biggest conflict that we have is between the
      producing companies and the exploration companies. If you are Anadarko, you won't want to kiss
      Exxon's ring in order to get into their pipeline-then I might not want to come and explore. Look at the
      Trans-Alaska Pipeline System (TAPS) example; look at the tariff on TAPS .... that is why exploration is
      so low because it is too expensive. BP does not care what the tariff is because they are paying
      themselves. This segweys into the next change that was made in committee...

     Rolled-in Tariffs: Rolled-in tariffs mean that whatever expenses per expansion occur, everyone pays.
      Sometimes the amount of gas you get to add to the pipeline makes it cheaper and the more compression
      stations added makes it more affordable. But, you can only compress so much before you have a station
      every 12 feet and that becomes too expensive. So, you build loops and that drives the tariffs back up. If
      you have a rolled-in tariff system, everyone pays no matter what. The Canadian system works that way,
      they roll in all the tariffs so everyone pays, up or down; the American system generally works so that
      everyone pays until the tariff goes up and then whoever causes the tariff to go up pays.

      In the legislation, the fear was that after you drove the tariff down no one would come and explore

                                                                                              ROSTON 00169




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
       because the exploration companies would drive the tariff back up and they would end up paying for that
       increase while their competitors are paying the original rate. The legislation originally required that
       both the pipeline companies and the original shippers (the three producing companies) to testify to
       FERC that they want rolled-in tariffs. If the companies testified in support of rolled-in rates, they
       received the 10-year lock-in on the taxes-that is the incentive there. If you weren't a member of the
       original shipping group, you did not receive the 10-year lock-in, but you could go testify in front of
       FERC for anything that you wanted.

       We changed this in the first committee referral. Several years ago, the Legislature teamed up together
       with the Murkowski Administration, exploration companies (lead by Anadarko) and federal agencies
       (the producer companies were on the other side of the issue) to petition FERC. FERC stated they would
       assume rolled-in rates as a standard. The Murkowski Administration testified concern about the
       producer companies being able to lobby FERC and changing the standard. So, what we said in the
       committee that as long as FERC has that assumption, the pipeline company has to go back and support
       rolled-in tariffs. As long as that assumption is there, we made an amendment that any of the shipping
       companies could go argue whatever their economic interests are. ConocoPhillips is the state's largest
       explorer, so one day they can argue for rolled-in tariffs, the next they could support argue for
       incremental tariffs-- it depends on the size of their find, etc. Anadarko could do the same. The thought I
       had when I offered this amendment is that if ConocoPhillips and Anadarko are partners on a project, one
       company could argue for rolled-in tariffs and the other could support something completely different.
       The Administration frankly, disagrees with this. The difficult part of this is that we are setting policy for
       20-years from now. This is probably the biggest change. It may seem technical, but this is a big change.

      So, the biggest things we changed were the positive vote issue, the up to 50 percent before the Open
       Season and the FERC issue. I sat on the first committee in the House and there is a lot of discussion
       internally about the $500 million, but we chose not to start the debate at that time. Further down the
       line, as more people get involved that debate will happen. The more the public and legislators get
       engaged, the more the debate will continue. There is a lot of debate on the $500 million and the risk
       associated with it.

      I would request the Anchorage Chamber look at what are the consequences, in a macro-sense, of the
       various approaches. The main criticism of the Murkowski deal was the locking-in of taxes for 40 years
       with no guarantees of a project. The feel was we would continue to get slow-rolled and eventually the
       project would be built on the Producer's terms. There were not enough work commitments; therefore it
       was not a deal. Now with this approach, if the Governor is flat-out wrong, you have 11 years with a
       partner that you would have to pay triple damages to if you wanted out of the contract.

       One criticism I had for Mid America during the hearing was that my worst case scenario was they would
       receive the license and spend as little money as possible to get to an Open Season, and then the Open
       Season fails. At that point, Mr. Buffet (CEO of Mid America) would turn to the Legislature and the
       Governor and say they couldn't get the gas, so the State should lower the tax rate so Mid America could
       get the gas. Then, it becomes me (as a legislator) against not only Rex Tillerson (Exxon) but Rex
       Tillerson AND Warren Buffet (Mid America). Commissioner Irwin has whole-heartedly disagreed with
       that statement because he feels the leverage would go against the oil companies and they would show up
       to an Open Season.
                                                                                                 ROSTON 00170
Questions/Comments:

Williams: Minimizing the maximum harm the State may suffer is the safest way to approach this project. Your
analysis of the worst-case scenarios is important. We need to do as much anticipation as possible.

Rep. Samuels: The way our economy works is that, I know I am preaching to the choir here, we have the




 Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
earnings of the Permanent Fund that we don't have the political will to touch, we don't have the population for
an income tax and the reality is 1986 was not too long ago. The price of oil is not going to save us much longer.

Matthias: Can you clarify the Alliance's review of the hearings this weekend that mentioned Dave VanTyle's
(BP) testimony about the fact that should a project not be successful that it is the companies that made the firm
transportation commitments that would be on the hook?
Rep. Samuels: Once you sign the firm transportation commitment, you're going to pay the pipeline company.
Pipeline companies may have lower risk, but they have lower return. Matthias: But what it appeared the
Alliance was saying is that if the project does not get built, the lenders would be looking at the companies that
made the firm transportation commitments. Did anyone else read the summary? Pease: I have it right here and
you said it just right. Rep. Samuels: If the pipeline never gets built, the firm transportation commitments would
never come into play.

Heinze: One disappointment I have had is the lack of discussion(s) about market. We hear from the Producers
and the people who move gas, but we don't hear from who will be using the gas the end-users. The reason it is
significant is because it is conceivable an end-user (Chicago Power & Light) can enter into a long-term contract
at a fixed wellhead priced at a specific cubic feet per day. I don't quite understand why we are not exploring
the role of the user. Williams: Wasn't there an effort to do that in the '80's and wasn't the answer that the
regulatory agencies wouldn't let the utilities take on the risk on behalf of their rate payers? Heinze: That was
25-30-years ago. There are regulators throughout the U.S. who will seriously consider the value of long-term
commitments. Rep. Samuels: We have not talked to end-users. During last year's debate there was talk about
the cost of marketing Alaska' s gas, but we did not talk to the specific users. I can talk to some of the
Committee Chairs as we move forward.

Bulmer: One of the major concerns with the Murkowski plan was the length of time to lock in taxes.
Rep. Samuels: No, the biggest concern was that it was a lock-in of taxes with out work commitments, or
"hammer" to force construction. Bulmer: What kind of discussion has the Legislature had since then? Rep.
Samuels: Governor Palin's plan does have specific deadlines. You must have an Open Season within 36
months... you must continue to get the FERC certificate, etc. Whether or not corporate behavior will adhere to
these timelines that is the trillion dollar question. I think having a timeframe for an Open Season is not a bad
thing. Moving forward to a FERC certificate with no customers....the FERC says legally they can go through,
they have never done it before. In a normal course of events a pipeline company gets to an Open Season and if
they don't get enough gas, they will deal with their customers. What ideas do you have to make this a viable
project? That is the normal course of events. However, what the Bill says is that you will continue to the
certificate process. At the Federal certificate, the political thinking is that they will have to commit the gas.
There will be too much pressure; if you have a completely designed pipeline with a Federal certificate, they will
have to commit the gas. If I were a producer, I would ask how you can possibly design a pipeline if I don't
know how much gas I am going to give you. What TransCanada has testified is that they are willing to go to
the Open Season and if it fails, they don't want to go toward the Federal certificate. Mid America has said the
process works fine, they will get the gas, don't worry about it.

Bulmer: You have said there is a need for the people to force the Legislature to act on this issue . Rep. Samuels:
I think the people should force a vote. It is really easy to keep studying the project and do nothing. There are
people probably agree with Tom and may believe that having a vote is not necessarily a good thing. But, force
me (as a legislator) to choose.

Discussion continued about how to engage the public and the fact that legislators listen to their constituents.

Heinze: A couple of points from the ANGDA perspective; you don't have to respond. First, we are concerned
with the in-state issue. The provision that is in there now is pretty strong in terms of the requirement for
distance based tariffs and the availability in the state, etc. It is a far better structure that was there before.
Second, one of the troubling parts of the $500 million, no matter what the rules are, is that it seems to me that

                                                                                                  ROSTON 00171




 Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
we are setting ourselves up to put public money into something and not making the results-- the product of that
money-- public. I have a lot of concerns about that. Rep. Samuels: The results, meaning an equity position?
Heinze: Whatever the $500 million went for. It went to someone to do something. Can I see it or not? Rep.
Samuels: The proposal you will be able to see. Do you want to see the engineering work? Heinze: That might
be good, if you spent public money on it. If a highway is built, we get to see that design. Rep. Samuels:
Understood. We have gone round and round about what will go public. I believe where we are now, if I were
king for a day, is that all of the proposals would be public, including those that are rejected.

Moriarty: I have a process question. I know the Bill is in House Resources and Senate Judiciary right now.
What is leadership's current vision on the timeline and votes?
Rep. Samuels: I think it will get out of those committees in about one week. Finance Committee still has to
review the Budget. Do I think it will pass this session? If I had a gun to my head I would say no, but it is not
out of the realm of possibilities. I don't know yet and have not talked to the Finance Chairs in quite awhile, but
eventually they will need a briefing. The timing for the Anchorage Chamber is good, but I don't think you have
time for your full internal process.

Williams: Going back to the Commissioner's choice issue.. .the legislative rules require a two-thirds vote to
adopt and to change. What if you enacted a permanent rule of the Legislature that automatically carried forward
every two years, as the new Legislature reorganizes itself, that says for this AGIA choice committees cannot
refuse to report and that provides a specific time frame for committee action and when go to the floor with a
vote? Rep. Samuels: Let me think this through. There was some discussion about whether it be a resolution or a
statute...I don't see a problem as a Chairman killing it in committee, stranger things have happened, but let me
think that through. You don't want to create a timeline that limits information.

Wiget: Aren't the pipeline designs proprietary information?
Rep. Samuels: You could find different ways to keep it confidential during the design process. Heinze:
Ultimately, at the FERC certification you have to bare your soul. Rep. Samuels: Once the winner gets picked,
it's all open and I assume the National Energy Board (NEB) the "Canadian FERC" is the same.

Haugen: Back to the evaluation criteria issue. Is there no more debate, what action took place? Rep. Samuels:
We changed it so they had to look at a series of economic factors. You have a suite of discount rates at net
present value and you give them all and the State has to run all applicants on the same criteria. It was difficult
to put weighted averages on each piece, so we just required the State has to come back to the Legislature to
justify their decisions on record. Haugen: It seems to me that that dog-fight will erupt legislatively, rather than
administratively. Rep. Samuels: It will be an interesting process. That is why I said earlier, force us to vote and
don't let us study the issue to death.

Committee discussion returned to how groups can empower the public to contact their Legislator and how the
Anchorage Chamber can impact change.

Heinze: Earlier, you brought up the issue of rolled-in rates. I guess I see the issue a little differently. I was one
of those five or six people who went and argued before FERC and I think we came out with a victory. I am a
little at a loss to see why we see that we need to significantly revisit that ground, in light of the fact that I have
never anyone say that FERC makes political decisions. Why wouldn't you want a fair and honest decider like
that? That is what FERC does and they are far better practiced at it than the Legislature. Rep. Samuels: I am the
wrong guy to ask that question. Heinze: Understood. I am sharing a perspective with you. I understand why
companies want out from under RCA, but I don't understand why the State wants out from under FERC Rep.'
Samuels: That would be a good question for the Administration.

Cattanach: I personally am concerned about the Administration saying "they will come, I know they will
come". The risk if they do not come is severe to Alaskans. I am relying on the Legislature to do the right thing

                                                                                              ROSTON 00172




 Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
and what is comes down to is what is it going to take to get a deal? Is the Legislature going to leave and go
home for eight months and then nothing happens? As an Alaskan, I want a deal.
Rep. Sarnuels: In a perfect world, you would have pipeline companies talk to producer companies and would
have far more activity between the producer companies and Administration than we have had so far. Casual
conversations don't get a project of this magnitude built. TransCanada says the rights in Canada, so one way
they will play a role.

I have been accused of being a shill for the oil companies, and frankly I find that offensive. Finding that middle
ground, politically, is tough. Trying to have a government trying to force corporate behavior.... for Exxon this
project probably isn't the largest project in the world. But to a company like ConocoPhillips, what happens to
their share value if this project goes horribly sideways? It seems to me that we are all going to be forced to pick
a side instead of the middle ground.

Higgins: If the Legislature had to vote tomorrow, where are people leaning right now? Unfortunately it seems
to me right now that all Alaskans know at this point is that they want a deal There is no firm opinion on the
particular proposal that is on the table right now.
Rep. Samuels: As the process moves forward, more discussion takes place and more legislators are involved.
There are many different sides, ranging from get a deal done at any cost, to I don't care, screw the oil
companies. You have to take personalities out of it and whether or not you like the Governor has nothing to do
with it.

Schubert: We had ConocoPhillips at our last committee meeting and one of the things they said is that AGIA
constrains them from getting creative in their proposal. How are you, or how is the Legislature, responding to
that?
Rep. Samuels: There will probably be a lot more discussion, I am not sure if there is a movement to change it.
Instead of saying you must or have to do some things, the Producers are saying to make all things variable.
There will be a lot of people that will think that is a good way to go. The Producers are also saying not to make
it an exclusive license. This issue becomes more politically problematic because if you don't have an exclusive
license that allows a Mid America or TransCanada to play. If I were TransCanada, would I risk my capital and
go through a failed Open Season and again risk my capital to continue to FERC certification if I knew the State
could be negotiating another deal with the Producers? It would become more politically problematic to take
away the exclusivity clause.

Further committee discussion about the expected vote in Juneau and how to engage the public.

Rep. Samuels: If I were the Anchorage Chamber, I would stay away from all of the constitutionality issues and
background noise. Focus on the philosophical concept, should the State cough up $500 million to entice players
who otherwise would not risk their money to participate in the project? Should you own something for $500
million? Philosophical questions like that, the constituents understand.


Next committee meeting: Wednesday , April 25, 11: 30 a.m .-1 p.m.,
Alaska Regional Hospital.




                                                                                                ROSTON 00173




 Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
