  Unknown

  From :      Erika Fagerstrom [erika_fagerstrom@gov.state, ak.us]
  Sent :      Wednesday, May 23, 2007 1:31 PM
  To:         fek9wnr@yahoo.com
  Subject : Orthodontist-Trip-House-Foundation
  Hi Todd!

                                             ReAac4ed

  How did things go on the trip? For the mileage and receipts (gas, ferry tkts, etc...) you can just send
  them to me via the state mail from the Anch. office. Erika at the Governor's House (Juneau) should be
  enough info, to get it here. Since this was Bristol's trip to move back to Anch/Wasilla the state will cover
  her trip as well.

 Karl had mentioned in the email that July would be when they'd work on the Governor's office at the Cap.
 Bldg. i'll_send a schedule for the House window projects- it looks like the last 2 weeks of July they will be.
 working on the 3rd floor windows.

 Linda Perez is working on getting the plumbing started sooner then what they are currently projecting-
 which is August. We had both been under the impression that things would be a lot sooner then that.
 Since the project is over $100,000 it falls under a formal bidding process which is very time consuming.
 She's doing what she can to speed things up since we both believe it to be an emergency situation that
 should be done as soon as possible- not August.

 We received a $500 donation from Premera Blue Cross via Jerry Reinwand. He sent this note (below)
 with the check. I talked to Linda and she does not see any problem with the Foundation accepting the
 check since it's for the House. Unless you or the Governor know of any other reason for not accepting it,
 I will have it deposited along with the rest of the checks. I don't see a problem with it either, and think that
 Jerry was just letting you know that it would be okay with him if you didn't feel comfortable accepting the
 donation. He did contribute to last year's fundraiser.

 Memorandum
 To: Karl Spencer
 From : Jerry Reinwand
 Date : May 21, 2007

 Karl, per our recent phone discussion , I am enclosing a check for the Governor 's Mansion
 Foundation from
 Premera Blue Cross.

 If either the Governor or Todd feels uncomfortable accepting a check from Premera Blue Cross,
 please let me know and I will return the check.

 However, Premera Blue Cross has contributed to the Mansion Foundation in the past when the
 fundraising effort was spearheaded by Nancy Murkowski , so there is precedent for Premera to
 make this type of contribution . No questions have ever been raised about the Premera
 contributions in the past.

 Best Regards,


 I think that' s it for now!

 Congratulations on Track's graduation from High School !! Another parenting milestone! O



                                                                                                       ROSTON 00251
  10/15/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
  Just let me know if you need anything.

  Erika




  Erika Fagerstrom
  Executive Residence Manager & Assistant to the First Gentleman
  Governor 's House
  State of Alaska, Office ofthe Governor
  716 Calhoun Avenue, Juneau, Alaska 99801
  Phone: 907-465-3500; Fax: 907-465-2031




                                                                   ROSTON 00252
  10/15/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
