  Unknown

  From :    Erika Fagerstrom [erika_fagerstrom@gov.state. ak.us]
  Sent :    Thursday, May 31, 2007 9:39 AM
  To:       fek9wnr@yahoo.com
  Cc:       Spencer; Kari L (GOV)
  Subject : FW: safe graduation party
  Hello Todd,

  I received the request below; for a dinner hosted at the Governor's House to be donated as a prize for the
  Senior Safe Graduation Party.

  We haven't awarded a prize for a dinner (meal) hosted at the Governor's House for any groups that I'm
  aware of. For other donations for functions I remember a dinner or lunch with the First Spouse being
  donated but at a different venue. I assume that you're not interested in donating a dinner at the House or
  a dinner with you at a restaurant... but please let me know if you are.

  Kari, since they referred to the Governor I figured 1 should run this by you also.

  Thank you,
  Erika


  From : Sheryl Hales [mailto:sheryl_hales@acpe.state.ak.us]
  Sent: Tuesday, May 29, 2007 1:17 PM
  To: 'Erika Fagerstrom'
  Subject: safe graduation party

  Good afternoon. I keep forgetting that today isn't Monday.....

  Per our discussion yesterday, here is my official request for you to run by the Governor
  or appropriate parties. At a recent Senior Safe Graduation Party meeting, one parent
  mentioned the possibility of offering a dinner hosted (for 4, 6 or whatever works) at the
  Governor's mansion as a prize. I'm not sure whether you volunteered on this committee
  last year but I'm sure you're aware of the main purpose which is to celebrate graduation
  in a safe environment. Prizes are given throughout the evening with the grand prize of
  $2007 being announced at 2:07 am. I mentioned that I could run the suggestion past
  you to see if it would be something that would even be considered by the
  Administration.

  Thanks for your help!
  Sheryl ; )




                                                                                                ROSTON 00288
  10/15/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
