Printing , GOV (GOV sponsored)

From :                 Franci Havemeister [francihav@yahoo.com]
Sent:                  Monday, June 11, 2007 12:08 PM
To:                    Richard A Lefebvre
Subject :              Re: ARG PLANNING GROUP-Mat Maid


As we talked about before in our meeting - I think that it is absolutely crazy that a
board of seven people can bring down the entire dairy industry, even more so because it is
an asset of the State. I still feel that the Creamery board needs to be removed, as well
as the BAC (if needed) so the State has access to the "books" and can go in and do damage
control and infuse the money allocated so the plant can stay up and running. It is still
my understanding that people have and are quitting and that these are skilled positions.
The situation needs to be assessed and long term plans made from there (whether that be a
successful business plan to the continue the operation or the closure of
the plant with the farmers given due notice).    I can not emphasize
enough the devastating effect this will have on the dairy industry in the State of Alaska.
I am certain that it will never recover! The
problem with timing is today is the DAY!     The creamery board has given
the dairy producers only 16 more days to find an alternative buyer - which we know there
is NONE.  The board and management has known this all along, and if this was an inevitable
outcome the board should have been forth coming with the farmers and the State of Alaska
and given everyone time to seek alternative measures. Obviously this was never an
important objective to them.

Dick - are you still attending the meeting with Mark Neuman and corrections tomorrow or
has this been put on hold? Also... Location?

thanks


Richard LeFebvre wrote:
> At our agr planning meeting last week I had promised to get back to
> the group regarding Mat Maid and the Creamery Board meeting. I did
> not attend the meeting that was held Wednesday but did meet with
> Rhonda Boyles late in the afternoon following the Board meeting.    I
> received the information about the motion that was made to discontinue
> milk and dairy production by July 7th unless a review of the current
> contractual obligations dictated an extension of that date. They will
> review the legal and financial information at their June 13 Creamery
> Board meeting.

>   The Board's decision impacts the dairy industry: the Northern Lights
>   Dairy and Rob Well's project and the milk producers as you well know.
>   Additionally there is the ripple effect to the suppliers to the
>   industry as well as the customers. We are open to suggestions on
>   posible ideas on how best to deal with this situation. The key is
>   timing and certainty. Thanks




                                                    1                       ROSTON 00356




    Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
