                                                                                                         Page 1 of 1


Unknown
From :     Marty Rutherford [marty_rutherford@ dnr.state .ak.us]
Sent:       Friday, December 08, 2006 2:11 PM
To:        Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
Subject : Re: Potential meeting with AK Interstate Gas
Michelle,
Thank you so much!! I have the Governor's personal email as well, so I'll just
use that for awhile.
Marty R



Governor Sarah Palin wrote:

         Marty,
         I wanted to let you know that this is a "public" address for the Governor, it is not one that
         she has access to. I check this account daily , and can forward things on, but I am worried
         that emails might get missed as there are times when I am unable check it for hours. Kris
         Perry might have a better email address for her.
         Thanks so much,
         Michelle Fabrello
         Coordinator for Constituent Relations


         From: Marty Rutherford fmailto:marty rutherfordCUnr.state.ak.us]
         Sent: Friday, December 08, 2006 1:17 PM
         To: Governor Sarah Palin; sarah
         Subject: Potential meeting with AK Interstate Gas

         Governor Palin,
         Frank Bailey advises that a gentleman named Frank Avezac of AK Interstate Gas is asking
         how decisions were made as to who would be invited to the initial gas pipeline project
         meetings that occurred on the 5th and 6th. Mr. Avezac advises that his company's goal is
         to provide gas to Valdez and SE Alaska.
         The Lt. Governor relayed that the original meeting invitees were those who were active, in
         the early Stranded Gas Development Act discussions (producers, TC MA, ANGDA, Port
        Authority and Enbridge). Everyone else that eventually participated heard from your
         campaign statements that you would be holding the meetings and asked to be included.
         No one was turned down.
         Sean suggested that I contact Mr. Avezac to determine if his company wishes to present
        their ideas on commercializing ANS gas. Privileged or Personal Material Redacted
        Privileged or Personal Material Redacted
         Marty




11/10/2009

                                                                                                         PRA GSP01_0000005
