Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

                                                                                                                    Page 1 of 2


                 Unknown

                 From :     Sarah Palin [govpalin@yahoo.com]
                 Sent:    Tuesday, January 02, 2007 6:32 PM
                 To:        Meghan Stapleton
                 Cc:        mike tibbles@gov.state .ak.us; tibbles@ alaska.net
                 Subject : Re: FW: McNeil story add
                Thanks Meg.

                The Game Board will be addressing the issue, evidently.

                I am a hunter. I grew up hunting - some of my best memories growing up are of hunting with my
                dad to help feel our freezer... I want Alaskans to have access to wildlife...

                BUT - he's asking if I support hunting the bears in the sanctuary? No, I don't... I don't know any
                Alaskans who do support hunting the McNeil bears that frequent the viewing area. Many
                Alaskan and Outside visitors view these animals on the McNeil river, within the sanctuary, and,
                as my parents have reported back after their viewing trip, it's a once-in-a-lifetime experience to
                see such beauty on that river.

                Alaska is a huge state. There are many, many areas that should be supported for access to
                wildlife resources... who's pushing for the hunt at McNeil?

                (I don't know who's pushing the issue unless it's a few guides who take Outside hunters who pay
                thousands and thousands of dollars to hunt near the area because it may be an easy hunt.)

                We need to find out what exactly the proposal is that is (or will be) in front of the Game Board,
                as the issue comes across sounding like it's "do you support killing bears in the sanctuary or
                not?", but there usually is more to the issue than a strong opponent (like Bill S.) leads one to
                believe. Knowing what I know of the issue thus far - I don't support hunting the bears that
                frequent the viewing area/sanctuary.

                Meghan Stapleton <meghan stapleton@gov.state. alus> wrote:

                  Governor,

                  They are truly pains as you will see in the passing notes below. You and I
                  have spoken a couple of times about this - perhaps you could add insight to
                  a few questions surrounding McNeil bears - do you support hunting in the
                  area? Would you support hunting in the refuge itself?

                  As soon as you can - this one is nasty.

                  Thanks,
                  meghan


                  -----Original Message-----
                  From : Bill Sherwonit [mailto : akgriz@hotmail.com]
                  Sent: Tuesday, January 02, 2007 12:54 PM


                 11/10/2009
                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0000010
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

                                                                                                                 Page 2 of 2


                   To: meghan_stapleton@gov.state.ak.us
                   Cc: dsetton@nhmag.com
                   Subject: RE: McNeil story add

                  Meghan --
                  Well, the holidays are behind us, we've entered a new year , and nearly a
                  week has passed since our last email exchange , so I assume you've now had
                  time to sit down with Gov. Palin to discuss various issues , including
                  wildlife management I hope . I noticed that Gov . Palin had time to attend the

                  UAA-UAF Governor' s Cup hockey game during the holidays , so perhaps she can
                  take a few moments to address bear hunting near McNeil sanctuary . Time to
                  add her perspective is quickly running out . Thanks, in advance, for trying
                  again to get some sort of comment.
                  Bill Sherwonit

                  From : Meghan Stapleton
                  To: 'Bill Sherwonit'
                  Subject: RE: McNeil story add
                  Date: Wed, 27 Dec 2006 09 : 10:01 -0900

                  As you can imagine, serving the Governor on a part-time basis has placed
                  burdens on all aspects of the media . I am working as best I can on following

                   up with the Governor on myriad issues, including this one. She and I have
                  not had the chance to sit down . I understand your deadlines and ask for your
                  forgiveness - I just need to understand how she feels so that I can forward
                  that to you. Last week was consumed with transition reports for entire days
                  and then I left for the East Coast for the Holidays. Beginning today, I am
                  with the Governor full-time, as I have fully transitioned away from my old
                  job.




                Do You Yahoo!?
                Tired of spam ? Yahoo! Mail has the best spam protection around
                http://mail.yahoo.com




                11/10/2009

                                                                                                               PRA GSP01 _000001I
