Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

                                                                                                                           Page 1 of 2



                  Unknown

                  From:     Ivy Frye [Ivy_Frye@gov.state.ak.us]
                  Sent:     Friday, January 05, 2007 8:47 AM
                  To:      Sarah Palin; mike tibbles@gov.state.ak.us
                  Subject: Railroad Article

                Governor Palin and Mike,
           Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




                Few Residents Rattled by Use of Herbicides Along Railroad
                FAIRBANKS , AK -- North Pole and Fairbanks residents expressed only mild concern about proposal to use herbicides
                along the state ' s rail system during a public hearing Thursday in Fairbanks.
                About 20 people attended the hearing and only a handful gave public comments , many of which came in the form of
                questions . Most of those who spoke lived near the tracks and were generally accepting of the Alaska Railroad Corp.
                proposal but concerned about how they would be notified of the spraying.
                About 10 people attended a hearing Wednesday in Nenana, according to a Department of Environmental
                Conservation representative.
                In Fairbanks , Ron Therriault said he grows hay and rents land to a bee- keeper on acreage he owns along the state-
                owned railroad in the North Pole area . He said he wasn 't opposed to the proposal but wanted to be sure he would
               know ahead of time when herbicides would be used.
               "I would like the railroad to specifically ask and notify the property owners ," he said.
               Therriault said he also wanted assurance that the chemicals would not be harmful to bees.
               A number of North Pole residents , including Therriault, mentioned a dispute with the railroad over ownership of the
               land under the tracks.
               Rose Rybachek and Bonne Woldstad both asked that they be notified before any spraying on what they said was
               land they owned.
               Woldstad said she'd like the railroad to ask permission.
               Rybachek's husband , Stan , said they owned about 1,000 feet of land along the tracks and had a , garden with rhubarb
               and vegetables that came within 30 feet of them.
               "I sure would hate to have It sprayed," he said. He also said he' d like to be notified when the spraying was
               happening.
               Representatives from the railroad and the company that would do the spraying said they would go beyond the
               demands of a permit to accommodate the wishes of residents ' and tried to allay concerns about any environmental
               impacts.
               Ernie Piper, who oversees environmental issues for the railroad , said the railroad intended to use notices in the areas
               where it sprays and could spend extra time with Therriault because of his commercial interest.
               He said he didn ' t want to commit to notifying everyone every time they sprayed because he wasn't sure it was
               possible.
               Wayne Hug of The DeAngelo Brothers Inc., the company that would apply the herbicides , said the chemicals would
               be applied to only an eight - foot-wide area along the tracks and should not impact hay or bees.
               "None of those products that we ' re using are toxic to bees," he said.




               8/26/2009

                                                                                                                           PRA_GSPO1_0000026
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

                                                                                                                          Page 2 of 2


                Other questions related to the environmental impacts of the chemicals and the duration of the permit the railroad
                needs from the Department of Environmental Conservation.
                Lance Smith of Fairbanks asked whether potential impacts to groundwater would be monitored and how long the
                permit would last.
                Kim Stricklan of the DEC said her agency often puts stipulations on the permits it issues and has in the past
                requested monitoring plans.
                "It's something that we really look at hard," she said.
                She said permits to use herbicides last one year and can be extended once for one year.
                Testimony in Nenana focused on how to protect subsistence resources and the environmental impacts of the
                chemicals when used together, according to Stricklan.
                The DEC will consider both of the issues in determining whether or not to grant a permit, she said.
                On Thursday, Piper gave a brief presentation outlining the need for herbicides.
                He said safety issues were the main reason the herbicides were needed. Weeds have led to poor drainage and track
                degradation, increasing the risk of accidents.
                According to Piper, mechanical methods of controlling weeds have not been sufficient In controlling the weeds.
                "We cannot afford to have less than the best track conditions," Piper said.
                The railroad is proposing to use glyphosate, 2,4-D, and Oust Extra along its 600 miles of track.
                More information about the proposal can be found at www.akrr.com under "Information" and comments can be
                submitted to the DEC through Aug14. - Stefan Milkowski, The Fairbanks News-Miner



                Ivy Frye
                Director, Boards and Commissions
                Office of Governor Sarah Palin
                ivy_frye@gov.state.ak.us
                (907) 465-3500 office
                (907) 465-8110 fax




                8/26/2009
                                                                                                                         PRA GSP01_0000027
