Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

                                                                                                                                 Page 1 of 3


                 Unknown

                 From :    Sarah Palin [govpalin@yahoo.com]
                 Sent:     Tuesday, January 09, 2007 7:06 PM
                 To:       Rutherford; Martha K (DNR); bruceanders888 @hotmail.com; Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Bitney; John
                           W (LAA); Patrick S Galvin; Balash ; Joseph R (GOV); Spencer; Kari L (GOV)
                 Cc:       Stapleton ; Meghan N (GOV)
                 Subject : Re: Inaccessible re: gasline?
                 Thanks Marty... we can catch up tomorrow? It would be a good time as I believe I am scheduled
                 to listen in to Drue's teleconference (or video) re: gasline progress on fed. level. I can be pulled
                 away at any time during the teleconf. to get an update from you.

                 Perhaps Sean P. needs to be brought in to the loop on gasline progress also. We haven't spoken
                 about it in some days, but I know he must be anxious to hear any news/plans also.

                thanks so much!




                Marty Rutherford 4narty __rutherford@dnr.state. akus> wrote:

                  Governor,
                  It is true that we have been focused internally and it has been difficult for "stakeholders" while the
                  Administration sorts out our way forward on the gasline. However, as Meghan indicated in her email of a
                  few minutes ago, we will be meeting with the press ahead of the State of the State and at that time we will
                  begin to identify the elements which are imbeded within the proposed Law of General Applicability.
                  Simultaneously we will begin to reach out to the stakeholders on the concepts, along with certain details,
                  in order to determine if it makes sense and what needs to be changed in order to stengthen the
                  Proposed bill. Having said all this it might be very useful for us to talk with you to ensure you are fully
                  aware of our intentions as well as to ensure we understand the criticisms you are hearing. As I write this I
                  am sitting with the Gasline Team so Pat Galvin, Bruce Anders and I are all available to talk. Or,
                  alternatively, we can talk tomorrow. I am available on my cell phone, 317-4728.
                  Marty

                  1

                  -----Original Message-----
                  From: Sarah Patin
                  To: Sarah Patin; Marty Rutherford; Bruce Anders; Michael Tibbles; John Bitney; Patrick Galvin; Joe
                  Balash
                  CC: meghan_stapleton@gov.state.ak.us
                  Sent: Tue Jan 09 16:51:39 2007
                  Subject: Inaccessible re: gasline?

                  I'm hearing accusations that we're "not accessible" re: gasline progress/updates.

                  Can we let the public know as soon as possible where the gasline team is on moving forward in a
                  transparent fashion?

                  Sarah Patin <govpalin@yahoo.com> wrote:




                 11/10/2009

                                                                                                                                 PRA GSP01_0000044
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

                                                                                                                                      Page 2 of 3


                        Scott Heyworth <heyworth@gci.net> wrote:

                              Scott
                              Gas line meeting draws crowd
                              Jan. 9, 2007

                              By MATT TUNSETH

                              Frontiersman

                              <httn://www.burstbeacon.com/view/62399/9493/62604/ 103174/ 1469/28325068/>
                             WASILLA - Supporters of an all- Alaska natural gas pipeline came out swinging Sunday afternoon during
                   a presentation by the Alaska Gasline Port Authority.

                             a£oeWe've gone 12 rounds in an 18 round fight and we're the only ones still standing,a£ u moderator John
                   Reeves said as the presentation began.

                            The presentation hit on a wide range of topics related to the authority's proposed project. One of the main
                  points was that North Slope gas should be used as soon as possible to benefit Alaskans in whatever ways possible -
                  through construction of a pipeline, cheap gas for Alaskans and increased state revenue.

                             a£celt's Alaska's gas and it should be used for Alaskans' benefit,a£LI Valdez mayor Bert Cottle said.

                           But as the event wore on, participants also used the forum to speak out against big oil and the Murkowski
                  administration for their inability to get any kind of project off the ground.

                             8£ceAt what point do Alaskans say, 8£" enough is enough? 'd£u asked Cottle. a£ceI think that point is
                  now.a£ u

                            Rep. Carl Gatto, R-Palmer, attended the meeting and said he believes much of the blame for the stalled
                  pipeline discussions should go to one company.

                             ii£ceThe biggest stumbling block is Exxon,8£0 Gatto said. ££oeThey do not want to move the gas.BE u

                          Gatto expressed anger with the oil giant both for its reluctance to move North Slope natural gas and the
                  company's failure to pay settlements from the 1989 Exxon Valdez oil spill.

                           d6wThey know that if you can hire more attorneys, you can go on for a generation,8£ u he said.
                  d£ceDealing with Exxon has been a serious problem.ii£ u

                           The Murkowski administration was unable to secure a contract with the North Slope oil and gas
                  companies to bring the state 's enormous gas reserves to market . Many in attendance at Sunday 's forum said the oil
                  companies have no right to sit on gas that belongs to the state , and pressure should be brought to bear on them.

                            d£celf you had a house with a tenant that didn't pay rent for 20 years, would you let them keep living
                  there?3£ u Reeves asked . 8£oeExxon owes us money.ii£u

                             Reeves said he believes Gov. Sarah Palin's new administration will be more supportive of the port
                  authority's project, as well as less beholden than Murkowski to the interests of oil companies.

                           d£oaThey've owned a lot of our legislators. They've owned our governor. But they don't own our governor
                  now. They don't own this guy here,a£ u he said, pointing to Gatto.

                           The port authority is comprised of representatives from the municipal governments of Valdez, Fairbanks
                  and the North Slope. Its goal is to build a pipeline from Prudhoe Bay to Valdez, with a spur line to supply
                  Southcentral Alaska's gas needs.

                             The plan, supporters say, would share revenue from the line between the state and municipalities across
                  Alaska.

                             Beyond that, however, port authority representatives said they would be perfectly happy if someone else -



                 11/10/2009

                                                                                                                                     PRA_GSP01_0000045
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

                                                                                                                                    Page 3 of 3


                  including the oil companies - built the pipeline. The point, they stressed, is that some kind of pipeline project needs
                  to get done sooner rather than later.

                            a£ceEither we'll build it or somebody else will build it,a£0 Cottle said.

                            The Valdez mayor said port authority representatives will continue holding public forums across the state
                  as a way to drum up support for the project and keep pressure on the oil companies.

                            aoeWe're not going away,a£D he said.

                            Contact Matt Tunseth at

                            352-2265 or matt.tunseth@

                            frontiersman.com.




                       Do You Yahoo!?
                       Tired of spam? Yahoo! Mail has the best spam protection around
                       hM2://mail.vahoo.com



                  Do You Yahoo!?
                  Tired of spam ? Yahoo! Mail has the best spam protection around
                  httv://mail.yahoo.com




                Do You Yahoo!?
                Tired of spam? Yahoo! Mail has the best spam protection around
                http://mail.yahoo.com




                 11/10/2009

                                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01 _0000046
