Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

                                                                                                                                    Page 1 of 4


                 Unknown

                  From :   Sarah Palin [govpalin@yahoo .com]
                  Sent:    Wednesday, January 10, 2007 6:44 AM
                 To:       Stapleton ; Meghan N (GOV); Bitney ; John W (GOV); Rutherford; Martha K (DNR); 'Bruce Anders'; Tibbles; Michael A
                           (GOV); Patrick S Galvin; Balash ; Joseph R (GOV)
                 Subject: RE: Inaccessible re: gasline?
                 Makes a lot of sense, sounds very good. Hopefully the press/public will be patient with us. I don't
                 want that aspect of the story (belated AGIA introduction) to grow legs of its own.

                 Thanks so much for responding to those recent press inquiries, Meg and Bitney.

                 Meghan Stapleton < neghan stapleton @gov.state.ak.us> wrote:

                  To close the loop, I spoke with Ayers tonight and just provided her with our update from today.
                  Essentially , the following paragraph is what I said:

                  The governor's goal has always been to introduce a gasline bill on day one of the session, but
                  we want to get it right with a good product . The gasline team is recommending that the bill be
                  delayed to continue to work through the vetting process with the experts . That's where it is now,
                  We have the bill with the concepts and the details , but it is going through the experts ' hands right
                  now. We don 't want to introduce a bill just to introduce a bill and meet a goal . Delaying the bill's
                  introduction gives experts the chance to weigh - in and ensures that the best product goes before
                  the Legislature.

                  She amended a line of the story that instead of stating that a bill will be introduced in the first
                  week of the session , she wrote that a bill will be introduced in the first weeks of the session.

                  I forwarded this paragraph from the weekend and she was going to draw upon it to further define
                  the law of general application.

                  The governor has long stated that the obsolete Stranded Gas Development
                  Act was the improper legal vehicle for negotiating a viable and
                  profitable contract. Therefore, the governor' s gas cabinet is working
                  around the clock to draft a bill seeking a law of general application.
                  When passed, this law will bring transparency to a competitive process,
                  will jumpstart construction with valuable incentives, and will maximize
                  the return on a gasline for both the state and the project proponent.
                  The Palin Administration will be introducing this bill in the upcoming
                  legislative session as soon as the bill has been vetted through
                  experts.  As to the Port Authority Board and ANGDA sharing information,
                  I applaud any efforts by any potential applicants to join forces,
                  including the three primary North Slope producers, in whatever manner
                  they deem appropriate to eventually submit the most attractive and
                  beneficial proposal for the Administration's consideration under the
                  new law.




                 From: John Bitney [mailto:john_bitney@gov.state. ak.us]
                 Sent: Tuesday, January 09, 2007 6:28 PM
                 To., 'Meghan Stapleton'; 'Sarah Palin'; marty_rutherford@dnr.state. ak.us; 'Bruce Anders';
                 mike_tibbles@gov.state. ak.us; patrick_galvin@revenue.state. ak.us; joe_balash @gov.state.ak.us
                 Subject: RE: Inaccessible re: gasline?

                 Sabra Ayers from the Anchorage Daily News just interviewed me regarding the Governor's
                 legislative agenda . She asked a number of questions regarding the Governor' s natural gas
                 development bill.

                 My statements in this regard were as follows:
                          it is the Governor's goal to have a bill ready during the first week of the session... we are
                         working hard right now to be prepared
                          the bill is a general law of applicability , which qualifies any/all entities to come forward.
                          She asked about time frames for getting things done . I emphasized that this Governor
                         does not want to compromise the state ' s negotiating position by setting deadlines. We




                11/10/2009

                                                                                                                                 PRA GSP01_0000050
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

                                                                                                                                        Page 2 of 4


                      do realize this is an important project for the future ., . and there are many benchmarks in the process

                  I also spoke today with Rep Mike Hawker and Rep Craig Johnson . Rep Johnson is chair of H -Resources (along with Rep
                  Carl Gatto ). Johnson said that he wanted to have initial hearings that talk about the energy market in the United States as a
                  way of illustrating that it is important for Alaska to move quickly to meet market demand . I told Rep Johnson we would
                  contact him and Rep Gatto very soon about outlining a schedule.

                  I don't see anything in the below statement inconsistent with my comments ... but my fingers are crossed.

                  So far, all legislative contacts have been positive in regard to working with us on the natural gas issues . There will, no
                  doubt, be some tough questions ... but everyone is emphasizing that 1) they want to work with us, and 2 ) they do not intend
                  to initially "put us on the spot ." I believe with some good communication , we can at least get off to a decent start.

                  John Bitney


                  From : Meghan Stapleton [mailto:meghan_stapieton@gov.state.ak.us]
                  Sent: Tuesday, January 09, 2007 4:58 PM
                  To: 'Sarah Palin'; marty_rutherford©dnr.state.ak.us; 'Bruce Anders'; mike_tibbles@gov.state.ak.us;
                  john_bitney@gov.state.ak.us; patrick_galvin@revenue.state.ak.us; joe_balash@gov.state.ak.us
                  Subject: RE: Inaccessible re: gasline?

                  The press just began contacting us this weekend regarding the gasline. The statement below
                  was used as a foundation for Channel 2, ADN, Wall Street Journal, etc.

                  As we've discussed, there will be a meeting Tuesday night at the mansion regarding the
                  State of the State and in particular, the gasline progress. We will send out the media
                  advisory and extend the invitation, perhaps as early as tomorrow. That should help many
                  understand the timeline and the importance of it.




                  The governor has long stated that the obsolete Stranded Gas Development Act was the
                  improper legal vehicle for negotiating a viable and profitable contract. Therefore, the
                  governor's gas cabinet is working around the clock to draft a bill seeking a law of general
                  application.  When passed, this law will bring transparency to a competitive process, will
                  jumpstart construction with valuable incentives, and will maximize the return on a gasline
                  for both the state and the project proponent. The Palin Administration will be introducing
                  this bill in the upcoming legislative session as soon as the bill has been vetted through
                  experts.  As to the Port Authority Board and ANGDA sharing information, I applaud any
                  efforts by any potential applicants to join forces, including the three primary North Slope
                  producers, in whatever manner they deem appropriate to eventually submit the most
                  attractive and beneficial proposal for the Administration's consideration under the new
                  law.




                  From : Sarah Palin [mailto:govpalin@yahoo.com]
                  Sent: Tuesday, January 09, 2007 4:52 PM
                 To: Sarah Palin; marty_rutherford@dnr.state.ak.us; Bruce Anders; mike tibbles@gov.state.ak.us;
                 john_bitney@gov.state.ak.us; patrid^_galvin@revenue.state.ak.us; joe_balash@gov.state.ak.us
                 Cc: meghan_stapleton@gov.state.ak.us
                 Subject: Inaccessible re: gasline?

                 I'm hearing accusations that we're "not accessible" re: gasline progress/updates.

                 Can we let the public know as soon as possible where the gasline team is on moving forward in a transparent
                 fashion?

                 Sarah Palin <govpalinyahoo.com> wrote:


                   Scott Heyworth <heyworth@gctnet> wrote:
                   Scott




                11/10/2009

                                                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_000005I
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

                                                                                                                                Page 3 of 4



                    Gas line meeting draws crowd
                    Jan. 9, 2007

                    By MATT TUNSETH

                    Frontiersman

                     WASILLA - Supporters of an all-Alaska natural gas pipeline came out swinging Sunday afternoon during a
                    presentation by the Alaska Gasline Port Authority.

                    "We've gone 12 rounds in an 18 round fight and we're the only ones still standing," moderator John Reeves said as the
                    presentation began.

                    The presentation hit on a wide range of topics related to the authority's proposed project. One of the main points was
                    that North Slope gas should be used as soon as possible to benefit Alaskans in whatever ways possible - through
                    construction of a pipeline, cheap gas for Alaskans and increased state revenue.

                    "It's Alaska's gas and it should be used for Alaskans' benefit," Valdez mayor Bert Cottle said.

                    But as the event wore on, participants also used the forum to speak out against big oil and the Murkowski
                    administration for their inability to get any kind of project off the ground.

                    "At what point do Alaskans say, `enough is enough?"' asked Cottle. "I think that point is now."

                    Rep. Carl Gatto, R-Palmer, attended the meeting and said he believes much of the blame for the stalled pipeline
                    discussions should go to one company.

                    "The biggest stumbling block is Exxon," Gatto said. "They do not want to move the gas."

                    Gatto expressed anger with the oil giant both for its reluctance to move North Slope natural gas and the company's
                    failure to pay settlements from the 1989 Exxon Valdez oil spill.

                    "They know that if you can hire more attorneys, you can go on for a generation," he said. "Dealing with Exxon has be
                    a serious problem."

                    The Murkowski administration was unable to secure a contract with the North Slope oil and gas companies to bring th
                    state's enormous gas reserves to market. Many in attendance at Sunday's forum said the oil companies have no right to
                    sit on gas that belongs to the state, and pressure should be brought to bear on them.

                    "If you had a house with a tenant that didn't pay rent for 20 years, would you let them keep living there?" Reeves aske
                    "Exxon owes us money."

                   Reeves said he believes Gov. Sarah Palin's new administration will be more supportive of the port authority's project, ;
                   well as less beholden than Murkowski to the interests of oil companies.

                   "They've owned a lot of our legislators . They've owned our governor. But they don't own our governor now. They dor
                   own this guy here," he said , pointing to Gatto.

                   The port authority is comprised of representatives from the municipal governments of Valdez, Fairbanks and the Nortl
                   Slope. Its goal is to build a pipeline from Prudhoe Bay to Valdez, with a spur line to supply Southcentral Alaska's gas
                   needs.

                   The plan, supporters say, would share revenue from the line between the state and municipalities across Alaska.

                   Beyond that, however, port authority representatives said they would be perfectly happy if someone else - including th
                   oil companies - built the pipeline. The point, they stressed, is that some kind of pipeline project needs to get done soor
                   rather than later.



                 11/10/2009

                                                                                                                               PRA GSP01_0000052
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

                                                                                                                             Page 4 of 4



                    "Either we'll build it or somebody else will build it ," Cottle said.

                    The Valdez mayor said port authority representatives will continue holding public forums across the state as a way to
                    drum up support for the project and keep pressure on the oil companies.

                    "We're not going away," he said.

                    Contact Matt Tunseth at

                    352-2265 or matt.tunseth@

                    frontiersman.com.




                   Do You Yahoo!?
                   Tired of spam ? Yahoo! Mail has the best spam protection around
                   http://mail.yahoo.com


                 Do You Yahoo!?
                 Tired of spam? Yahoo! Mail has the best spam protection around
                 http ://mail.yahoo.com



                seed a quick answer? Get one in minutes from people who know . Ask your question on Yahoo ! Answers.




                11/10/2009

                                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0000053
