Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

                                                                                                                             Page 1 of 3


                 Unknown

                  From :   Meghan Stapleton [meghan stapleton@gov.state.ak.us]
                  Sent:    Thursday, January 11, 2007 5:12 PM
                  To:       'Sarah Palin'; Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
                  Subject : RE: Re: Lieutenant Govemor's Report: January 11, 2007
                 I've tasked Sharon Leighow with working on development and implementation of the Governor's
                 newsletter. It may take a little bit - as we are looking for a different level of presentation, but hope to have
                 something by the end of the month. I've asked for a weekly newsletter - hopefully without too much
                 redundancy.



                 From: Sarah Palin [mailto: govpalin@yahoo.com]
                 Sent: Thursday, January 11, 2007 4:51 PM
                 To: meghan_stapleton@gov.state. ak.us; mike_tibbles@gov.state.ak.us; kris_perry@gov.state.ak.us
                 Subject: Fwd: Re: Lieutenant Governor's Report: January 11, 2007



                 Sarah Palin <govpalin@yahoo. com> wrote:
                 Date: Thu, 11 Jan 2007 17:50:38 -0800 (PST)
                 From: Sarah Palin <govpalin@yahoo.com>
                 Subject: Re: Lieutenant Governor's Report: January 11, 2007
                 To: Lt Governor Sean Parnell <Lt Governor@gov.state.ak.us>

                 Looks great! ! !

                 Congratulations on this great product. This site will serve Alaskans well.

                 Sarah Palin

                 Lt Governor Sean Parnell <Lt Governor@gov state.al.us> wrote:

                                       Lieutenant Governor' s Report
                                           By Lieutenant Governor Sean Parnell
                                                    January 11, 2007
                   WELCOME!
                   Welcome to the first edition of my Lieutenant Governor Report. I encourage you to take
                   a look at my website, where the report is also accessible with additional links to photos
                   and available articles. This report is intended to keep Alaskans informed of the
                   Palin/Parnell Administration's progress and efforts. Each report will include highlights
                   on state and community events, as well as citizen or other human interest spotlights. At
                   the end of this report, I ask readers to contribute pictures and citizen nominations, so
                   please keep your cameras ready to capture Alaska's beauty and your eyes and ears open
                   to honor those in your community.

                   BUILDING AN ADMINISTRATION
                   The transition process was a bit of a whirlwind as Governor Palin and I began meetings
                   with prospective gas pipeline project sponsors the first two days after being sworn in.
                   Afterward, things calmed down somewhat, though I still faced the bittersweet and



                  11/10/2009

                                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0000063
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

                                                                                                                 Page 2 of 3


                   slightly daunting task of transitioning out of my law firm.

                  After our victory in the general election, Governor Palin put in place a transition team to compile
                  information on the former administration 's management of state government and to identify
                  issues that lie ahead . The governor appointed me to lead her budget transition team , and with
                  the help of experienced budget people such as Ted Leonard , Mark Hanley, Kip Knudsen, John
                  Bitney, and the staff at the Office of Management and Budget (OMB), we helped the Governor
                  achieve her initial goal of proposing a balanced budget on December 15th.

                  As the transitions teams helped us gain deeper insight into what shape our State is in , Governor
                  Palin began building her team of capable , ethical commissioners . It has been an honor every
                  step of the way to fight and serve alongside Governor Palin , and I look forward to even more
                  teamwork in the future as I serve as her Lieutenant.

                  GAS PIPELINE MEETINGS
                  The Governor and I, along with Acting Department of Natural Resources Commissioner Marty
                  Rutherford, met with 12 different groups on December 5th and 6th , our first days in office, to
                  discuss moving forward on a gas pipeline . The attendees included:

                  Alaska Gasline Port Authority - Alaska Natural Gas Development Authority - BG Group - BP
                  Alaska - Chevron - ConocoPhillips - Enbridge - ExxonMobil - MidAmerican Energy Holdings
                  Company - SEMCO -. Shell Oil - TransCanada.

                  Many interesting ideas were suggested , and the Governor and I look forward to receiving
                  proposals from interested companies . The Governor named Acting Commissioner Marty
                  Rutherford (DNR) as her team lead on gas pipeline issues . I anticipate Acting Commissioner
                  Rutherford and her team will complete an assessment of the funds and resources available to the
                  state to evaluate any proposals that might come . Additionally, the team is developing legislation
                  for this upcoming session to move a gas pipeline nearer to reality . Finally, with President
                  Bush ' s appointment of former Alaska State Senator Drue Pearce as the Federal Pipeline
                  Coordinator, we look forward to working more closely with the federal government in
                  advancing a gas pipeline in Alaska's interests.

                  172nd STRYKER BRIGADE RE-DEPLOYMENT AND RE -FLAGGING CEREMONIES

                  Alaska's celebrated 172nd Stryker Brigade returned home in early December, and I was honored
                  to attend their Re-deployment ceremony with Governor Palin and the Re-flagging ceremony two
                  days later. While in Iraq , the 172nd Stryker Brigade earned worldwide respect for bravery and
                  steadfastness in battle . The Stryker Brigade' s commitment to freedom was proven repeatedly,
                  and it was extremely gratifying to see them rewarded after long and dangerous hours across 16
                  months defending liberty and human rights.

                  C 84th ENGINEER COMPANY RE-DEPLOYMENT
                 Later on in December I spoke at the re-deployment of the C 84th Engineer Company. These
                 Army Engineers are some of our bravest , unsung heroes of this war so far . They worked
                 doggedly to ensure the safety of their fellow troops in Iraq . Whether building structures in
                 Baghdad or setting records as they performed dangerous, back -breaking road construction on
                 main and alternate travel routes ( in the dead of night with bright spotlights illuminating them as
                 they worked-making them vulnerable), these men and women diligently served our country
                 and made all Alaskans proud.




                11/10/2009

                                                                                                                PRA GSP01 _0000064
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

                                                                                                                   Page 3 of 3


                  PRAYER AND REMEMBRANCE SERVICE
                  On January 3rd, I attended the Prayer and Remembrance Service for Fort Richardson soldiers
                  SGT Brennan C. Gibson, SPC Phillip C. Ford, and SPC Shawn M. Murphy. It was with a
                  heavy, but grateful, heart that I listened to the stories of their lives and courageous service. All
                  three soldiers left widows and, in some cases , children behind . These men and their families
                  paid the ultimate price for freedom, and words cannot express the depth of my sorrow and
                  gratitude. We are honored to have our state and country represented by men and families such
                  as these.

                  ANCHORAGE POLICE DEPARTMENT GRADUATION
                  As a young boy, I looked up to my uncle, who was a police officer. I learned a lot about
                  sacrificial public service from him. Since then, I have greatly respected and esteemed police
                  officers, and it was an honor to speak to the newest graduating class from Anchorage Police
                  Department Academy 06-2. These men and women committed to serving our city, enforcing
                  laws, and working hard to provide safe homes , parks, and schools for us and our families. For
                  willingly seeking out and training hard to receive a challenging and often thankless job, I thank
                  them now. We need and appreciate your hard work and sacrifice. Welcome to the ranks of
                  Anchorage's Finest!

                  STAFF SPOTLIGHT
                  Chief of Staff, Jim Merriner
                  Jim Merriner, a lifelong Alaskan, has worked as a commercial fisherman in Bristol Bay for 21
                  years. After graduating from Dillingham High School in 1988, Jim went on to get his Bachelors
                  of European History from Harvard College, received his Teaching Certification from UAF, and
                  later pursued his Masters of Philosophy in Educational Leadership and School Development at
                  Cambridge University. Most recently he served briefly as the school administrator in Kipnuk
                  with Deb, his wife of 15 years, and their four children. As Chief of Staff, Jim oversees
                  Lieutenant Governor Parnell's Juneau and Anchorage offices, acting as a policy advisor to the
                  Lieutenant Governor and assisting him as needed. If you have any questions regarding the
                  Division of Elections or policy issues, please email Jim or contact him in Juneau at (907) 465-
                  3520. Welcome aboard, Jim!

                  FUTURE REPORTS
                  You know, these Lieutenant Governor Reports are not so much intended to be about the person
                  of the Lieutenant Governor, but the position, and leveraging it for your benefit. Therefore, I
                  want to hear back from you, my fellow Alaskans, with points of public interest or private
                  citizens to honor, and I'd enjoy sharing photos you have taken from around the state that
                  highlight Alaska's beauty, culture, and people. Please email your submission for consideration
                  to Kate Morgan. I look forward to hearing back from you and eagerly anticipate your
                  contributions!


                Have a burning question? Go to Yahoo! Answers and get answers from real people who know.




                Want to start your own business ? Learn how on Yahoo! Small Business.




                 11/10/2009

                                                                                                                  PRA_GSP01_0000065
