Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

                                                                                                                      Page 1 of 2


                 Unknown

                 From:    Sarah Palin [govpalin@yahoo.com]
                 Sent:    Thursday, January 11, 2007 11:58 AM
                 To:      Frye; Ivy J (GOV)
                 Subject: RE: Almost done
               Privileged or Personal Material Redacted


                Ivy Frye <ivy^frye@gov.state. ak.us> wrote:

                  Ramona,

                  Thank you for sending me your resume. I appreciate it. At this time, there are several boards
                  with vacancies. Are there any others you are interested in besides the Board of Regents? The
                  Regents doesn't have any vacancies, but there are four terms expiring in March. I am in the
                  preliminary stages of going through the applications for Governor Palin's consideration. At this
                  stage, she hasn't made any firm decisions as she is still considering commissioner
                  appointments.

                  Please don 't hesitate to contact me if you need anything ! My direct line is 465-3969.

                  Best regards,

                  Ivy


                  From: Ramona Reeves [mailto:reeves.ramona@ gmall.com]
                  Sent: Wednesday, January 10, 2007 10:14 PM
                  To: Ivy Frye
                  Subject: Re: Almost done

                  Ivy
                   Here it is. I am including a cover letter that relates specifically to the University as it is
                  my understanding that you are considering me for one of the two Board of Regents
                  seats that are now vacant.
                   If you want a different cover letter with a broader perspective I would be happy to write
                  one like that also. If you need something else from me let me know and I will get it to
                  you.

                  Thank you
                  Ramona

                  On 1/10/07, Ivy Frye <ivy fry a, gov.state.ak.us> wrote:
                  Thank you. Good to hear from you.


                  From: Ramona Reeves [mailto:reeves.ramona@amail.com]
                  Sent: Wednesday, January 10, 2007 11:55 AM
                  To: Ivy Frye
                  Subject: Almost done

                  Ivy
                    I am sorry my ASAP on the resume is taking so long. It is almost done and I will send


                11/10/2009

                                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0000067
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com
                                                                                                               Page 2 of 2


                  it either later today or tomorrow.

                  Ramona




                 Check out the all-new Yahoo! Mail beta - Fire up a more powerful email and get things done faster.




                 11/10/2009

                                                                                                              PRA GSP01 _0000068
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

                 Update/report                                                                                                     Page 1 of 1


                 Unknown

                  From :    Joe Balash (joe_balash @gov.state . ak.us]
                  Sent:     Thursday, January 11, 2007 4:29 AM
                  To:       govpalin@yahoo. com; Michael Tibbles
                  Subject : Update/report
                 Yesterday's meeting with Drue went very well. First, she described for us what she has been up to since being
                 sworn in and what she is likely to be doing in the near term as it relates to the project. Then, Marty outlined what
                 we are thinking and why...namely, that the SGDA failed the State and is unlikely to be a successful vehicle to
                 advance the project. Given the principles outlined by the Governor, we have been hard at work crafting a bill to
                 create a new mechanism to advance the project in a way that will protect our interests and begin to make the project
                 "real".

                 She seemed receptive and positive and wanted to know how she could help. It was a perfect transition into a
                 discussion about the use of the federal loan guarantees and the role of FERC. Her responses and recommendations
                 were very encouraging and she has made herself available to help in any way that she can.

                 We can get into the details of what she thinks we need to do at a later point in time, but it will require some
                 significant outreach efforts in DC. However, she remains convinced that everyone (our delegation, the White
                 House, and the new Congress) want to know what they can do to help. It seems the previous administration did not
                 want or seek any assistance in dealing with the commercial parties.

                 I am in meetings most of the day, but can step out at most any time to discuss further over the phone. Otherwise, I'll
                 be in the office this weekend.

                 Joe




                  11/10/2009

                                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0000069
