Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

                                                                                                                  Page 1 of 2



                  Unknown
                  From :    Mike Tibbles [mike tibbles@gov.state. ak.us]
                  Sent:     Thursday, January 11, 2007 9:35 PM
                  To:       Sarah Palin
                  Subject: RE:

                FYI

               Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




                Mike




                From: Sarah Palin [mailto:govpalin@yahoo.com]
                Sent: Thursday, January 11, 2007 9:16 PM
                To: Debbie Joslin
                Subject: Re:




               Roger has a new boss now. That will obviously help. Roger has good ideas for education reform, but has
               needed an entire adminstration willing to tackle the challenges every area faces so that he can usher in
               the positive changes his department needs. Education has huge challenges, obviously, and Roger will
               help us meet them.




               I appreciate your input and hope you will support the administration... we know we're not going to
               please everyone.




               You, and homeschoolers in general, should know that I enthusiastically support homeschools and other
               alternative education venues.



               Thank you Debbie,

               Sarah

               Debbie Joslin <joslin@wildak.net> wrote:



                8/24/2009

                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0000072
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

                                                                                                              Page 2 of 2


                  Hi Gov. Palin
                  I see that Roger Sampson was reappointed to EED . I know that Homeschoolers, especially those
                  in state wide correspondence programs, were disappointed to hear this. I think many interpreted
                  your new vision as including a new commissioner . I talked with Comm. Sampson last spring
                  and we had a good visit but I did get the impression from him that he does not have a high
                  opinion of Homeschoolers in general . I hope that we will be able to have some positive changes
                  to the regs that were implemented under FM/Comm . Sampson. Is there any hope of this
                  happening? I know there were concerns about a few individuals taking advantage of the system.
                  I share those concerns and would like to work with you and the Commissioner to see if there are
                  some less punitive ways to correct the problems that spurred these changes . Thank you for
                  taking time to read my comments.
                  Debbie Joslin




                Get your own web address.
                Have a HUGE year through Yahoo! Small Business.




                8/24/2009
                                                                                                               PRA GSP01_0000073
