Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

                                                                                                                                  Page 1 of 2


                 Unknown

                 From :    Sarah Palin [govpalin@yahoo.com]
                 Sent:     Friday, January 12, 2007 6:18 AM
                 To:       Michael A Tibbles; John W Bitney; Frye; Ivy J (GOV)
                 Subject: Fwd: Re: Re:
                 I'm sure now that Roger has a new boss and new direction he can implement changes that are
                 friendlier to Alaskans who understand the need for enthusiastic support for alternative educ.
                 opportunities. He may need to hire some new blood though.

                Larry LeDoux from Kodiak was very good on TT, don't know if he'd leave his post as principal,
                but keep him in mind.

                 Glen Biegel <gbiegel@ak.net> wrote:

                  Date: Thu, 11 Jan 2007 22:49:25 -0900
                  From: Glen Biegel <gbiegel@ak.net>
                  Subject: Re: Re:
                  To: Sarah Palin <govpalin@yahoo.com>

                  I guess through these conversations, you realize how much hope we put in you . Roger implemented some
                  onerous regulations that were not a necessary result of the law. Through your working with him, I know
                  your vision and goals for education will be included in his ideas.

                  How can the people who I meet with best work with Roger ? We are excited about being part of his team,
                  under your broad vision . Are there any other DEED positions that can be filled by some of the members
                  of the transition team or the education team . You have a deep bench to choose from, and it is important to
                  have someone on the inside involved in the decisions as they are made.

                  As you requested , I have a number of people with a broad experience and focus who would like to
                  participate on the state board of education . I am compiling their names and areas of expertise to be sent on
                  to Ivy.

                   Let me know how else I can help. Education is my passion and I desperately want to see positive change.

                  Sincerely,
                  Glen

                  ---- Original Message -----
                  From : Sarah Palin
                  To: Debbie Joslin
                  Sent: Thursday, January 11, 2007 9:15 PM
                  Subject: Re:

                  Roger has a new boss now. That will obviously help. Roger has good ideas for education
                  reform, but has needed an entire adminstration willing to tackle the challenges every area
                  faces so that he can usher in the positive changes his department needs. Education has
                  huge challenges, obviously, and Roger will help us meet them.

                  I appreciate your input and hope you will support the administration... we know we're
                  not going to please everyone.

                   You, and homeschoolers in general, should know that I enthusiastically support


                 11/10/2009
                                                                                                                                  PRA GSPOI_0000074
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

                                                                                                                 Page 2 of 2


                   homeschools and other alternative education venues.

                   Thank you Debbie,
                   Sarah

                   Debbie Joslin <joslin@wildak.net> wrote:

                     Hi Gov. Palin
                     I see that Roger Sampson was reappointed to EED. I know that Homeschoolers,
                     especially those in state wide correspondence programs, were disappointed to hear this. I
                     think many interpreted your new vision as including a new commissioner. I talked with
                     Comm. Sampson last spring and we had a good visit but I did get the impression from
                     him that he does not have a high opinion of Homeschoolers in general. I hope that we
                     will be able to have some positive changes to the regs that were implemented under
                     FM/Comm. Sampson. Is there any hope of this happening? I know there were concerns
                     about a few individuals taking advantage of the system. I share those concerns and
                     would like to work with you and the Commissioner to see if there are some less punitive
                     ways to correct the problems that spurred these changes. Thank you for taking time to
                     read my comments.
                     Debbie Joslin



                   Get your own web address.
                   Have a HUGE year through Yahoo! Small Business.



                 Get your own web address.
                 Have a HUGE year through Yahoo! Small Business.




                  11/10/2009
                                                                                                                 PRA GSP01_0000075
