Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

                                                                                                                         Page 1 of 2


                 Unknown

                  From :    Marty Rutherford [marty_rutherford@ dnr.state .ak.us]
                  Sent:    Saturday, January 13, 2007 2:52 PM
                  To:      Sarah Palin
                  Subject: Re: Privileged or P I& other issues
                  Governor,
                 Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




                  Thirdly, I spent this morning with permitting and exploration representatives from Shell, Anadarko,
                  ConocoPhillips and Chevron regarding their interest In the OCS, focusing upon the OCS Lease Sale 193
                  in the Chukchi Sea. The companies want to ensure your administration understands how very
                  important this lease sale is to their companies investment in Alaska and to filling the oil production gap
                  as well as to the gas pipeline. They advised that they know of 7 companies who have conveyed to the
                  Mineral Management Service ( MMS) their desire to participate in the November or December 2007 lease
                  sale, and their belief that significant Alaskan investment and exploration will result from it if the OCS
                  leasing area includes the maximum amount of prospective acreage . I too am very excited about the
                  level of interest being shown by the industry in the OCS lease sales, particularly with Shell's very
                  significant investment this year in the Beaufort Sea. I believe Shells heavy return into Alaska changes
                  the entire oil and gas dynamic, since they are currently an "explorer" company in Alaska, with all the
                  same access needs as an Anadarko, only on steroids!

                 Finally, I want to ensure you are receiving everything you need on the Gas Pipeline legislation for your
                 State of the State address and the surrounding press discussions . I've been monitoring the information
                 exchange between Meghan and Bruce and it appears that is proceeding well. Pat Galvin and Lt.
                 Governor Parnell had agreed to draft the gasline briefing paper to support your conversation with Vice
                 President Cheney and I was just on the phone with Pat asking if he and Sean had sent it on to you. Pat
                 was having trouble catching up with the Lt. Governor but will get back to me with a status report. If
                 you are feeling uneasy at any time over this weekend , please just give me a call and we'll get you
                 something additional.

                  I look forward to seeing you in Juneau this coming week.
                  Marty




                 11/10/2009

                                                                                                                        PRA GSP01_0000086
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

                                                                                                                        Page 2 of 2



                  Sarah Pal!n wrote:

                         Hi Marty:

                       Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




                        Thanks!

                        Sarah


                        Check out the all -new Yahoo ! Mail beta - Fire up a more powerful email and get things done
                        faster.




                  11/10/2009

                                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0000087
