Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

                                                                                                                      Page 1 of 2



                  Unknown
                  From :    Mike Tibbles [mike_tibbles@gov.state.ak.us]
                  Sent:     Saturday, January 13, 2007 11:38 AM
                  To:      Sarah Palin
                  Subject: RE: Horror story

                Anna Kim is our special assistant assi ned to Health and Social Services. I have forwarded the message to her
                and requested that she contac Privileged or Pe listen to her story, ask for additional details and work with
                   rl n to address the issue. I reques a    nna contact Wayne Ross to let him know that she has contacted
                Privileg is concerned and will make the issue a priority on your behalf.
                I will double check to make sure the calls are made Tuesday.

                Mike


                From: Sarah Palin [mailto:govpalin@yahoo.com]
                Sent: Saturday, January 13, 2007 9:57 AM
                To: ana_kim@gov.state.ak.us; anna_kim@gov.state.ak.us; mike_tibbles@gov.state.ak.us;
                karleenjackson@hess.state.ak.us
                Subject: Fwd: Horror story

                Pls. let me know who's responding to Wayne on this. I forwarded it to personnel the other day.

                Thank you,
                Sarah

                Wayne Anthony Ross <waralaska@alaska.com> wrote:
                  Date: Thu, 11 Jan 2007 11:20:10 -0900
                  From: Wayne Anthony Ross <waralaska@alaska.com>
                  Subject: Horror story
                  To: Sarah Palin <spalin@mtaonline.net>
                 Dear Sarah:
                 Both times that I ran for Governor, I described the Office of Childrens' Services (OCS) as a rogue agency
                 that was out of control and destroying families. I have been dealing with that agency on behalf of parents
                 for over 30 years and can give you a long list of outrageous actions that the agency has undertaken.
                 When I ran I said I would hire a retired Colonel of General to put in that office and the first capital
                 expenditure for my Commissioner would be the purchase of a shovel and a broom. I've now come
                 across another horror story involving a family in the Valley and I've met with the mother. She is an
                 impressive lady. She and her husband, married 26 years, had 2 children of their own and adopted 5. In
                 Jan 05 one of the children told somebody that her mom had pinched her. The mother was arrested
                 without a warrant and charged with assault and OCS picked up the children. The charges against the
                 mother were, of course, eventually dropped but she and her husband have been unable to get most of
                 the children back in almost two years! In the meantime, one child who was placed outside because of
                 emotional issues caused by seeing her mom arrested, has been physically abused in OCS placement. I
                 could go on and on. This family has an excellent claim against the State. Unfortunately, since I have the
                 responsibility of making payroll for the people in my office, I do not have the resources to assist her in
                 litigation (although I sure would like to).

                 I told this lady that I would contact you and see if you could give her 20 minutes or a half hour of your
                 very valuable time. I think she could give you a lot of information about what happened to her family and
                 what is happening to others who fall into this agency's clutches. The mom' s name is Privileged or Person



                8/25/2009

                                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0000088
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

                                                                                                                         Page 2 of 2


                  She lives at[Privileged or Personal Material Reda Her phone numbers arelPrivileged or 9 and Privile
                P rivile I think her story would be an eye-opener for you . I'd ask that you meet with this mom personally,
                 a lthough of course , you might want to have your Commissioner there too. Can you have someone in
                 your staff call and set up an appointment? I believe that she will meet with you anywhere in the State. I
                 would not make this request if I didn 't think it important to the State and your administration to have you
                 hear this.

                 Thanks, Sarah.

                 This one is important.

                 My best, WAR




                Don't pick lemons.
                See all the new 2007 cars at Yahoo! Autos.




                8/25/2009
                                                                                                                         PRA_GSPOI_0000089
