Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

                                                                                                                   Page 1 of 1



                  Unknown

                  From :    Mike Tibbles [mike tibbles@ gov.state . ak.us]
                  Sent:     Sunday, January 14, 2007 10:57 AM
                  To:       Sarah Palin
                  Subject: RE: polar bears

              Privileged or Personal Material Redacted



                Mike


                From: Sarah Palin [mailto : govpalin@yahoo.com]
                Sent: Sunday, January 14, 2007 7:49 AM
                To: mike_nizich@gov.state.ak.us; russ kelly; mike tibbles @gov.state.ak.us; meghan_stapleton @gov.state.ak.us
                Subject: polar bears

                Palin needs to check information before making bold decisions
                Since Gov. Sarah Palin's inauguration, Alaskans have been enjoying many of the qualities she promised,
                from transparency to objective decisions made in the best interest of the people. Therefore, like many
                other Alaskans, I was sadly disappointed to read Gov. Palin's letter urging Interior Secretary Dirk
                Kempthorne to not list the polar bear as threatened.
                The governor's letter had several clear factual errors such as the statement: "there is no scientific
                evidence ... that these polar bear populations are declining." Scientists from the U.S. Geological Survey
                and the World Conservation Union have determined that five polar bear populations are declining,
                including the Hudson Bay population, which has decreased by 22 percent in 17 years.
                Gov. Palin also stated that "there are no discrete human activities that can be regulated" to alter the
                impacts of global warming on the polar bear and its melting habitat. To the contrary, there is
                overwhelming scientific consensus that reducing greenhouse gas emissions through discrete actions will
                mitigate the most dire of consequences.
                Although Gov. Palin's letter was disappointing, I believe that her comments were a direct result of bad
                information. Once she is armed with scientifically valid global warming data, I feel strongly that she will
                be a leader in the fight against global warming, a fight that is in the best interest of Alaskans, the
                economy and the great white bear.
                -- Mary E. Walker
                Anchorage

                Mike:
               Privileged or Personal Material Redacted

                Thanks,
                Sarah




                It's here! Your new message!
                Get new email alerts with the free Yahoo! Toolbar.



                8/25/2009
                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0000096
