Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

                                                                                                                           Page 1 of 2



                   Unknown

                   From :    Mike Tibbles [mike_tibbles@gov.state.ak.us]
                   Sent:     Sunday, January 14, 2007 1:46 PM
                   To:       Sarah Palin
                   Subject: Schedule

                 FYI - Sean called from the Anchorage Airport. Due to mechanical problems they have not departed Anchorage.
                 It sounds as if Alaska Airlines will be sending another jet . Sean would like you to know that he is trying to get
                 here as soon as possible but there is a chance that he will not arrive in time for the event tonight.

                 Mike


                 From : Sarah Palin [mailto:govpalin@yahoo.com]
                 Sent: Sunday, January 14, 2007 1:14 PM
                 To: John W. Bitney
                 Cc: 'Michael A Tibbles'; meghan_stapleton@gov.state.ak.us
                 Subject : Re: 2007 Legislative Agenda summary

                 except for correcting official team members' names, this looks good

                 "John W. Bitney" <hitney(jntaonline.net> wrote:
                 Governor:
                 Earlier today I distributed this message and attachment.
                 After preliminary review by your senior staff team ... I am forwarding to you for your review.

                 To emphasize ... I do not want to hand this out at the upcoming legislative leadership meetings . I will condense
                 down the sheet into basic bullet points for those meetings in order to avoid legislators leaking.
                 -JB


                From : John W. Bitney [mailto:bitney@mtaonline.net]
                Sent: Sunday, January 14, 2007 9:57 AM
                To: 'Michael A Tibbles'; 'meghan_stapleton@gov.state.ak.us'
                Cc: 'Christopher Clark'
                Subject: 2007 Legislative Agenda summary

                Attached is an attempt to summarize our legislative agenda on two pages.
                This document SHOULD NOT BE DISTRIBUTED.

                This is intended to;
                                  help brief the Governor on our basic overall legislative strategy;
                                  give the Governor some talking points for upcoming legislative leadership meetings
                                  assist with State of the State speech

                To repeat - the issues in the attached briefing are intended to reflect the priority items of our Administration.
                Obviously , there will be numerous other legislative issues we will have to address - sunset of boards, crime,
                fisheries, economic development , rural energy, etc.
                However, I believe we should leave those issues to legislators for bill sponsorship , and offer them assistance from
                our Administration.

                By cutting down our priorities, my hope is to develop a strong message of:
                            -   Quality over Quantity
                            -   Less Government



                 8/24/2009
                                                                                                                            PRA GSP01 _0000097
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

                                                                                                                    Page 2 of 2


                                Getting Results

                I will contact Mike and Meghan today (Sunday) for feedback before sharing this with the Governor.
                Thank you.

                John Bitney




                We won't tell. Get more on shows you hate to love
                (and love to hate): Yahoo! TV's Guilty Pleasures list.




                8/24/2009
                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01 _0000098
