Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

                                                                                                                        Page 1 of 3


                 Unknown

                  From :     Marty Rutherford [marty_rutherford@dnr.state.ak.us]
                 Sent:       Tuesday, January 23, 2007 7:59 AM
                 To:         Sarah Palin
                 Cc:         Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Bitney; John W (LAA); Stapleton; Meghan N (GOV); Balash; Joseph R
                             (GOV); Anders; Bruce F (DNR); Patrick S Galvin
                 Subject : Re: Fwd: re: from January 19th Edition of Alaska Budget Report


                       Governor,
                       I believe this VanMeurs' information was released in response to a public information request for
                       SGDA documents we received from Ethan Berkowitz. Ethan had requested SGDA information from
                       the Murkowski Administration and they had responded in a limited fashion. Once your administration
                       took office Ethan resubmitted his request and the Depts of Law, Revenue and Natural Resources
                       reviewed all the documents previously withheld under "deliberative process" and determined it
                       appropriate to release about 60 additional documents into the public domain.
                       Should you wish additional information just let us know.
                       Marty R


                       Sarah Palin wrote:

                             G'morning.

                             Does anyone know if this VanMeurs' info was part of a transition report? Or was a
                             release of VanMeur info some other document(s) given to the AK Budget Report? I
                             was surprised to read this... it sounds totally accurate, but was surprised to see it so
                             wondered where it came from.

                             thanks!

                             Scott Heyworth <hevworth is,ci. net> wrote:

                               Date: Mon , 22 Jan 2007 23:19:48 -0900
                               From: Scott Heyworth <heyworthCa.aci.net>
                               Subject: re: from January 19th Edition of Alaska Budget Report
                               To: Scott R Heyworth <heyworthCQaci.net>


                               this article was sent to me tonight.
                               would you pay someone $2.1 million and not listen to them??

                               Van Meurs letter reveals misgivings about pipeline
                               contract
                               Documents released by the office of Gov. Sarah Palin reveal that the
                               Murkowski
                               administration's lead consultant on gas pipeline contract negotiations h^a
                               serious concerns about the
                               contract Murkowski' s team negotiated.
                               Pedro van Meurs, the $3,000-a-day consulting economist who became the
                               administration's
                               prime explicator and cheerleader for the contract, wrote a February 1, 2006
                               memo outlining
                               "deficiencies in the January 26 draft of the Stranded Gas Contract."
                               In the letter, addressed to Jim Clark, Murkowski's lead pipeline contract



                 11/10/2009

                                                                                                                        PRA GSP01 _0000109
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

                                                                                                                           Page 2 of 3



                              negotiator, van Meurs
                              expressed his view that there are three major problems with the proposal. First, he cites
                              fiscal
                              stability:
                              "I believe we have gone completely over board on fiscal stability," writes the consultant.
                              "I
                              strongly believe that we need adequate fiscal stability to encourage the investment in
                              the pipeline.
                              Nevertheless, there is no need for the near absolute fiscal stability that the agreement
                              now contains.

                              There is absolutely no need to treat Alaska as a banana republic in order to
                              secure the gas line."
                              Van Meurs singled out as an example of fiscal-certainty-gone-mad the concept of
                              capping
                              municipal taxes: "The impact of variations in municipal taxes of general application on
                              the project
                              economics is negligible. Therefore, in my opinion municipalities should be free to tax as
                              they wish
                              and the Participants should pay these taxes without limit."
                              Van Meurs also objected to a provision in Section 9A of the contract allowing the
                              producers to
                              recoup money the state may owe the producers by withholding the state's in-kind gas.
                              "This
                              provision is totally unnecessary and highly damaging to the interests ofthe
                              State. "
                              There is extremely low risk the state would not pay an outstanding bill, he says, and
                              that risk
                              can be addressed "by introducing a simple carry forward provision as is done in most
                              international
                              contracts."
                              Van Meurs notes that the whole contract rests on the notion that the state will improve
                              the
                              project economics by taking its gas in kind-this concept relies on the state's having a
                              reasonable
                              opportunity to market its gas.
                              "The current provisions in 9A now seriously undermine the entire economic concept of
                              the
                              contract.... I believe that any notion of recoupment of the State's gas in kind should be
                              eliminated
                              from the contract."
                              Van Meurs' final concern related to the agreements governing the limited liability
                              companies
                              (LLCs) that were to build and operate the pipeline. The agreements were never
                              finalized and
                              presented to the public. The consultant's comments suggest a critical stumbling block
                              was the state's
                              inability to obtain a parent company guarantee. Van Meurs wrote:
                              "The early drafts of the State proposal included a Parent Company Guarantee in order
                              to
                              guarantee the implementation of the Contract by the producers, the LLC's in Alaska
                              and the lower
                              48 States and LP's in Canada." Absent such an agreement, he says, the contract
                              cannot be enforced
                              outside of Alaska.
                              To date, van Meurs wrote, there has been "zero progress" on such an agreement
                              among the
                              producers. "Without a parent company guarantee the Contract is not worth the paper it
                              is written on.



                 11/10/2009
                                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0000110
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com
                                                                                                                            Page 3 of 3



                               Companies can simply escape the work commitments and participation rights of the
                               State because
                               the Alaska LLC's or Alaska producers have no control over the Canadian LP's or Lower
                               48 LLC's."
                               Van Meurs says it would be a "fundamental error" to finalize the contract without a
                               parent
                               company guarantee in the contract.
                               While van Meurs is referring to an unreleased draft of the contract dated January 26,
                               2006, there
                               is little to suggest that his concerns were mitigated in the contract the administration
                               released on
                               May 24. The cap on municipal taxes and the recoupment provisions remained in the
                               contract, and
                               the contract did not include a parent company guarantee.
                               Asked about the letter in a January 18, 2007 phone interview , Jim Clark downplayed
                               its
                               significance.
                               "In any contract I've ever negotiated there's always been things clients have found that
                               they don't like
                               and they come back and say, 'fix this' or'fix that,'" Clark said. "I was surprised that
                               [with] the contract we ultimately put on the table May 24-457 pages-there were [so]
                               few things
                               that people were concerned about." (huh? Legislators and many others had few
                               concerns?)
                               Clark said the duration of fiscal stability was the chief concern among legislators,
                               followed by a
                               desire to "beef up" work commitments.
                               Clark noted that the Senate Natural Gas Development Committee approved a measure
                               that
                               would limit the duration of tax stability guarantees . "We felt that we had an appropriate
                               period of
                               time but the whole thing was subject to the legislative review. ... So we as an
                               administration were
                               prepared to negotiate a lesser time."
                               As for recoupment of gas in kind, Clark said van Meurs never liked the idea. The
                               provisions
                               were devised by Dan Dickinson, a former Tax Division director who worked as a
                               consultant with the
                               administration, Clark said. "Using recoupment to balance accounts seemed an
                               expedited way," and
                               he said the state had an opportunity to contest recoupment it deemed inappropriate.
                               As for the parent company issues, Clark said the administration was looking to find
                               alternative
                               means of resolving the problem van Meurs cited. "Of course we never resolved the LLC
                               with
                               producers before time ran out."

                               Van Meurs worked under a contract with the Department of Revenue. As of January,
                               2006, he
                               had collected $2.1 million over the course of his multi-year contract.
                               In addition to his role in shaping Murkowski's proposed Stranded Gas Act contract, van
                               Meurs
                               was the architect of the former governor's petroleum production tax (PPT) proposal.



                           Everyone is raving about the all-new Yahoo! Mail beta.




                  11/10/2009

                                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0000111
