Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

                                                                                                                    Page 1 of 4


                 Unknown
                 From :   Patrick Galvin [patrick galvin @revenue . state.ak.us]
                 Sent:    Tuesday, January 23, 2007 8:24 AM
                 To:      Sarah Palin ; Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Bitney; John W (LAA); Stapleton; Meghan N (GOV); Balash;
                          Joseph R (GOV); Rutherford; Marty K (DNR); Anders; Bruce F (DNR)
                 Subject: RE: re : from January 19th Edition of Alaska Budget Report
                       I apologize for not having briefed you on this earlier. We didn't know if this would
                 make much of a splash . The Van Mears letter was one of a large number of SGDA
                 documents we released a couple weeks ago in response to a public information
                 request.

                       On December 8, I received a letter from Rep. Ethan Berkowitz requesting a large
                number of documents associated with the SGDA that were withheld by the Murkowski
                Administration from a previous request made by the representative. Marty and I worked
                with the department of law and members of the gasline team to go through the
                previously withheld documents and identify any that could and should be released. Our
                review criteria was that documents should be released unless there was a specific legal
                reason it had to be withheld, or if the information would be potentially damaging to the
                state's negotiating position on oil and gas matters in the future. Following the review,
                we released 50 additional documents, some with confidential information redacted.

                          Under the SGDA, applicants could submit information and request that it be held
                confidential. Once the state deems the information confidential, certain legal restrictions
                kick in that limit the state's ability to publicly release the information. Other information
                withheld included analysis of the state's negotiating position on matters that are relevant
                beyond the SGDA contract. We also withheld confidential attorney-client
                communication, and information regarding Pt. Thomson subject to the on-going
                litigation.

                        In total, Rep. Berkowitz had requested 143 documents from the Murkowski
                Administration and 22 were released. He renewed his request to us, and we released
                50 additional documents, including the Van Mears letter referenced in the article.
                Because of the number of withheld documents, we didn't make a big public showing of
                our response.

                          Please let me know if you would like additional information.

                -Pat




                From: Sarah Palin [mailto :govpalin@yahoo.com]
                Sent: Tuesday, January 23, 2007 6:21 AM
                To: mike_tibbles@gov .state.ak.us; John Bitney; Meghan Stapleton; joe_balash@gov.state.ak.us;


                 11/10/2009
                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0000112
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

                                                                                                                     Page 2 of 4


                marty_rutherford@dnr.state.ak.us; bruce_anders@dnr.state.ak.us; Pat Galvin
                Subject: Fwd: re: from January 19th Edition of Alaska Budget Report


                G'morning.




                Does anyone know if this VanMeurs' info was part of a transition report? Or was a release of VanMeur info some
                other document(s) given to the AK Budget Report? I was surprised to read this... it sounds totally accurate, but
                was surprised to see it so wondered where it came from.




                thanks!

                Scott Heyworth `heyworth@gci.net> wrote:

                  Date: Mon, 22 Jan 2007 23:19:48 -0900
                  From: Scott Heyworth <heyworth@gci.net>
                  Subject: re: from January 19th Edition of Alaska Budget Report
                  To: Scott R Heyworth <heyworth@gci.net>


                  this article was sent to me tonight.
                  would you pay someone $2.1 million and not listen to them??

                  Van Meurs letter reveals misgivings about pipeline contract

                  Documents released by the office of Gov. Sarah Paln reveal that the Murkowski
                  administration's lead consultant on gas pipeline contract negotiations had serious concerns about
                  the
                  contract Murkowski's team negotiated.
                  Pedro van Meurs, the $3,000-a-day consulting economist who became the administration's
                  prime explicator and cheerleader for the contract, wrote a February 1, 2006 memo outlining
                  "deficiencies in the January 26 draft of the Stranded Gas Contract."
                  In the letter, addressed to Jim Clark, Murkowski's lead pipeline contract negotiator, van Meurs
                  expressed his view that there are three major problems with the proposal First, he cites fiscal
                  stability:
                  "I believe we have gone completely over board on fiscal stability," writes the consultant. "I
                  strongly believe that we need adequate fiscal stability to encourage the investment in the
                  pipeline.
                 Nevertheless, there is no need for the near absolute fiscal stability that the agreement now
                 contains.

                 There is absolutely no need to treat Alaska as a banana republic in order to secure the aas
                 line."
                 Van Meurs singled out as an example of fiscal-certainty-gone-mad the concept of capping
                 municipal taxes: "The impact of variations in municipal taxes of general application on the
                 project
                 economics is negligible. Therefore, in my opinion municipalities should be free to tax as they
                 wish
                 and the Participants should pay these taxes without limit."


                11/10/2009

                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0000113
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

                                                                                                                    Page 3 of 4


                  Van Meurs also objected to a provision in Section 9A of the contract allowing the producers to
                  recoup money the state may owe the producers by withholding the state's in-kind gas. "This
                  provision is totally unnecessary and highly damaging to the interests of the State."
                  There is extremely low risk the state would not pay an outstanding bill, he says, and that risk
                  can be addressed "by introducing a simple carry forward provision as is done in most
                  international
                  contracts."
                  Van Meurs notes that the whole contract rests on the notion that the state will improve the
                  project economics by taking its gas in kind-this concept relies on the state's having a
                  reasonable
                  opportunity to market its gas.
                  "The current provisions in 9A now seriously undermine the entire economic concept of the
                  contract. ... I believe that any notion of recoupment of the State' s gas in kind should be
                  eliminated
                  from the contract."
                  Van Meurs' final concern related to the agreements governing the limited liability companies
                  (LLCs) that were to build and operate the pipeline. The agreements were never finalized and
                  presented to the public. The consultant' s comments suggest a critical stumbling block was the
                  state's
                  inability to obtain a parent company guarantee. Van Meurs wrote:
                  "The early drafts of the State proposal included a Parent Company Guarantee in order to
                  guarantee the implementation of the Contract by the producers, the LLC's in Alaska and the
                  lower
                  48 States and LP's in Canada." Absent such an agreement, he says, the contract cannot be
                  enforced
                  outside of Alaska.
                  To date, van Meurs wrote, there has been "zero progress" on such an agreement among the
                  producers. "Without a parent company guarantee the Contract is not worth the paper it is written
                  on.
                  Companies can simply escape the work commitments and participation rights of the State
                  because
                  the Alaska LLC's or Alaska producers have no control over the Canadian LP's or Lower 48
                  LLC's "
                  Van Meurs says it would be a "fundamental error" to finalize the contract without a parent
                  company guarantee in the contract.
                  While van Meurs is referring to an unreleased draft of the contract dated January 26, 2006, there
                  is little to suggest that his concerns were mitigated in the contract the administration released on
                  May 24. The cap on municipal taxes and the recoupment provisions remained in the contract,
                  and
                  the contract did not include a parent company guarantee.
                  Asked about the letter in a January 18.2007 phone interview. Jim Clark downplayed its
                  significance.
                  "In any contract I've ever negotiated there's always been things clients have found that
                  they don't like
                  and they come back and say, `fix this' or `fix that,"' Clark said. "I was surprised that
                  [with] the contract we ultimately put on the table May 24-457 pages-there were [so] few
                  things
                  that people were concerned about." (huh? Legislators and many others had few concerns?)
                  Clark said the duration of fiscal stability was the chief concern among legislators , followed by a
                  desire to "beef up" work commitments.
                  Clark noted that the Senate Natural Gas Development Committee approved a measure that



                 11/10/2009

                                                                                                                 PRA GSP01_0000114
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

                                                                                                                   Page 4 of 4


                  would limit the duration of tax stability guarantees. "We felt that we had an appropriate period
                  of
                  time but the whole thing was subject to the legislative review. ... So we as an administration
                  were
                  prepared to negotiate a lesser time."
                  As for recoupment of gas in kind, Clark said van Meurs never liked the idea. The provisions
                  were devised by Dan Dickinson, a former Tax Division director who worked as a consultant
                  with the
                  administration, Clark said. "Using recoupment to balance accounts seemed an expedited way,"
                  and
                  he said the state had an opportunity to contest recoupment it deemed inappropriate.
                  As for the parent company issues, Clark said the administration was looking to find alternative
                  means of resolving the problem van Meurs cited. "Of course we never resolved the LLC with
                  producers before time ran out."

                  Van Meurs worked under a contract with the Department of Revenue. As of January, 2006, he
                  had collected $2.1 million over the course of his multi-year contract.
                  In addition to his role in shaping Murkowski's proposed Stranded Gas Act contract, van Meurs
                  was the architect of the former governor's petroleum production tax (PPT) proposal.




                Everyone is raving about the all-new Yahoo! Mail beta.




                 11/10/2009

                                                                                                               PRA_GSP01_0000115
