Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

                                                                                                                  Page 1 of 2


                Unknown
                 From : Larry Stinson [Iarrystinson@hotmail.com]
                Sent: Sunday, January 28, 2007 10:38 PM
                To:    Palin; Sarah H (GOV); Parnell; Sean R (GOV)
                Cc:    Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
                Subject: (no subject)
                
                Governor Palin, Lt. Governor Parnell:

                I have had some long talks with several different medical providers including Cathy Giessel, Deb
                Kiley, Dr. Gower (Alaska State Medical Association President), Dr, George Rhyneer Sr, Alaska
                Physicians and Surgeons members, and others all around the state about state related medical
                issues. It was also very enlightening being a member of the DHSS transition team and listening
                intently to each of the members while taking copious notes. I, and most others, agree that there
                should be a health care council or board to help guide the administration. There is a real
                problem, however, with career theorists outlining what should be done.

                There absolutley needs to be a balance between career medical theorists fighting for grant money
                and sometimes pushing ideas that are naive and dated, at best, with people who actually practice
                different aspects of medicine. I was both impressed with the background knowledge and
                abilities of many of the DHSS transition team as well as shocked at some absolutely misleading
                assumptions and lack of medical expertise. There were political agendas, well stated, that would
                absolutely have no impact on providing help to the underserved but would serve as an ongoing
                funding source for grants and power. This was worrisome to me and demonstrated the absolute
                need to have more clinician input which is not possible when "health care" meetings are
                scheduled during clinicians working hours by career panelists who can carry on their agendas
                unimpeded.

                I have talked to several people who would gladly volunteer their time on a board that would help
                the people of the state rather than wonder like most of the clinicians "where does all of this stuff
                come from?" This would include:

                Dr. David Head, Nome
                Jason Harmon, N.D., Doctor of Naturopathy to express that perspective
                Jean Tsigonis, M.D., from Fairbanks and on the State Medical Board
                Larry Stinson, M.D., myself with practices in the Valley, Fairbanks, and Anchorage
                Victor Bartling, D.O., an outstanding Family Practitioner from Fairbanks
                George Rhyneer, Sr., M.D., Anchorage Cardiologist
                Roland Gower, M.D., Anchorage Surgeon and current ASMA President
                Cathy Giessel, R.N., A.N.P. who I would support as Board Chairperson, she did a fine on the
                                       DHSS transition tearm
                Dan Kiley, DDS, Anchorage Dentist with alot of experience on boards
               Elizabeth Turgeon, M.D., Wasilla Family Practitioner who also used to practice in Cordova
               Melissa Peters, D.O., Wasilla Family. Practioner with a strong committment to patient advocacy
               John Mitchell, C.R.N.A. from ANMC
               Adrian Ryan, M.D., an Inupiaq Orthopedic Surgeon who works in Anchorage but runs clinics
               also in
                              the Nome area.

               Ideally we would also pick up representation from the Kenai and Southeast including
               Chiropractors and physical therapists. I can get these additional recommendations if you are


                11/10/2009

                                                                                                                 PRA GSP01_0000134
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

                                                                                                                 Page 2 of 2


                 interested.

                 There absolutely needs to be a balance so that agendas that have led to years of stagnation and inflated
                 costs can be debated and changed.

                 Sincerely,
                 Larry Stinson, M.D.


                 Turn searches into helpful donations. Make your search count.




                  11/10/2009

                                                                                                                PRA GSP01_0000135
