Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

                                                                                                                   Page 1 of 2


                 Unknown

                 From :    Sarah Palin [govpalin@yahoo.com]
                 Sent:     Sunday, January 28, 2007 9:23 AM
                 To:      Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Bitney; John W (GOV); Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Privileged or Person,
                          Stapleton ; Meghan N (GOV); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Charles Fedullo; Martha K Rutherford;
                          Monegan ; Walt C (DPS); Joseph D Schmidt; Balash ; Joseph R (GOV); Kelly; Russell T (GOV);
                          Rehfeld; Karen J (GOV); Spencer; Kari L (GOV); Talis Colberg; leaddog @acsalaska .net; Notti; Emil R
                          (CED); Patrick S Galvin; Bruce Anders; Jackson; Karleen K (HSS); Hartig; Lawrence L (DEC); Kreitzer;
                          Annette E (DOA); Kreitzer; Annette E (DOA)
                 Subject: Speaking from Departments
                 Good morning all:

                 There was a quip in this morning's ADN re: a "ban" from me on anyone voicing their opinions
                 on matters before us. The 'Ear wrote of my supposed instruction to not allow cabinet
                 members/staff to take positions on some issues.

                 Since this is totally false, and leaves me at a loss as to how a reporter would have ever received
                 word of something that is the opposite of what I've expressed to all of you, I'll clarify again what
                 has already been expressed by me as my desire to see you all have the freedom to communicate
                 with the public and press in any and all manner you deem appropriate. The goal is for the public
                 to be able to trust that our administration is transparent and trustworthy, so you all personally
                 communicating views and opinions is very important and would NEVER be banned.

                 I have NEVER banned any of our team members from voicing opinions on anything. In fact, I've
                 stated that the more information and communication efforts put forth on behalf of your
                 departments and divisions, the better. I've asked that you all share your opinions, speak freely to
                 press, public, legislators, one another, etc. (In other words, don't do what past administrations
                 have done. I have faith that we're on the right path going a new direction here with freedom in
                 information sharing... Alaskans deserve better than the tried and failed efforts of past
                 administrations' withholding information and expressed opinions by decisions makers.)

                 I will write to the 'Ear reporter and clarify for her also.

                 Kari - would you please send to all Commissioners? I don't have some new addresses here.

                 Thank you!

                 Also, last night's Valley ball was lots of fun. At the event we got to wish Happy 25th
                 Anniversary to Talis Colberg!!!

                 The Lt. Governor and I are off to Kodiak today. Then Hooper Bay tomorrow.

                 Thanks for everything, everyone! I appreciate you all very much and look forward to more
                 cabinet meetings where we're all together in one room. It will be great to have Leo on board at
                 DOT next week. Let's make the next swearing-in ceremony of our new Commissioners a great
                 event and let's try for a cabinet lunch/dinner afterwards.

                 Bitney - remember to invite the different groups of Legislators for lunches/dinners this week and
                 next. The more the merrier. Thanks for working with Kari and Erika on this.



                 11/10/2009
                                                                                                                   PRA GSPOI_0000136
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com
                                                                                                               Page 2 of 2


                 Have a great Sunday, I'll see most of you on Tuesday.
                 Sarah




                 Don't be flakey. Get Yahoo! Mail for Mobile and
                 always stay connected to friends.




                 11/10/2009

                                                                                                               PRA_GSP01_0000137
