Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

                                                                                                                   Page 1 of 2


                 Unknown
                 From :     Sarah Palin [govpalin @yahoo.com]
                 Sent:      Tuesday, January 30, 2007 10:31 PM
                 To:        mike_tibbles@gov.state.ak.us
                 Cc:        Frank Bailey; John Bitney
                 Subject : Fwd: F&G Commissioner
                 this one is from my mom...

                I'm inundated with F & G comments these past few days.
               Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




                Sally Heath <salheath@mtaonline. net> wrote:

                  From : " Sally Heath" < salheath@mtaonline.net>
                  To: "Sarah Palin " <govpalin@yahoo.com>,
                  "Ivy Frye" <ivyfrye@yahoo.com>
                  Subject: F&G Commissioner
                  Date : Mon, 29 Jan 2007 15 :43:25 -0900

                  Sarah: I hope this will get to Mike Tibbles. I'm sending it to Ivy, also. I'm sure the
                  other 2 are great guys, too, but Corey Rossi would be hard to beat.

                  Some things to think about:

                       1.       The people that are saying it's too big for Rossi to manage, are the very
                               same people who said the same thing about you when they ran the Binkley
                               campaign against you.

                       2.       Don't forget about how your opponents compared Wasilla's budget to the
                               state's budget when you were running for governor.

                       3.       The person who they promoting is a Commercial Fish, ADFG insider. Does
                               that sound anything like your agenda? It is the current ADFG leadership that
                               has gotten us into this mess (240,000 down to 100,000 moose in 12 years, one
                               halibut per day for sport fishermen, while increasing the commercial take by
                               1,000,000 lbs., etc.).

                       4.       Lots of people want to share your power, but do they share your agenda?

                       5.       Rossi is a trusted friend who has been promoting nothing but your agenda of
                               managing for abundance. He has managed to acquire huge grass roots support
                               from across the state for your agenda. This morning, your agenda dominated
                               the Rick Rydel show, again. The hunters and sport fishermen are really


                11/10/2009

                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0000139
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

                                                                                                                  Page 2 of 2


                      wound up about this and are overwhelmingly in support of Rossi.

                       6.      The rumor is that Eddie Grasser has been bragging around the valley that Tibbles
                              has you "tied-up" and that Lloyd is a guarantee, regardless of anyone else's
                              credentials. This might explain why your advisors have been unwilling to speak to
                              Rossi even though he has huge backing within the public.

                      7.       People have told me that when they tried to express their support for Rossi to your
                              staff, they have been told that he didn't have a chance and that everyone should be
                              supporting Lloyd.

                      8.       Rossi's organization is about 35-40 people, with a 1.5 million dollar budget that he
                              himself raises within Alaska each year. In other words, under his direction his outfit
                              pays its own way. In 1995, he moved back to Alaska with a suitcase and a dream,
                              and has built the Alaska Wildlife Services Program from scratch.

                      9.       You have made several good choices for other commissioner spots (Colberg and
                              Galvin for example) who did not build, nor even run an organization as big as
                              Rossi's.

                  Rossi is a successful businessman who wants to bring a business mindset to the ADFG. Last
                  week, at the FNAWS Convention in Salt Lake City, he met with Jeff Foxworthy, Karl Malone,
                  and other big celebrity hunters and is trying to work on a plan to have them help promote and
                  increase Alaska's hunting and fishing opportunities like they have done in other states.



                 Finding fabulous fares is fun.
                 Let Yahoo! FareChase search your favorite travel sites to find flight and hotel bargains.




                 11/10/2009

                                                                                                                PRA GSP01_0000140
