                                                                                                           Page 1 of 2


Unknown

From :      Sarah Palin [govpalin@yahoo.com]
Sent:       Tuesday, January 30, 2007 9:58 PM
To:      Rutherford; Marty K (DNR); Galvin; Patrick S (DOR); 'bruce_anders@ dnr.state.ak.us';
         'mike_tibbles@gov. state .ak.us'; Balash; Joseph R (GOV)
Subject: Fwd: Pipeline plan would bring gas to Fairbanks by 2013


      Let me know about this when you get a chance.
      thanks!


      Scott Heyworth <heyworth@gci.net> wrote:

        Date: Tue, 30 Jan 2007 07:23:55 -0900
        From: Scott Heyworth <heyworth@gci.net>
        Subject: Pipeline plan would bring gas to Fairbanks by 2013
        To: Bill Ward <LowrFalls@aol.com>




              In accordance with Title 17 U.S. C. Section 107, this material is
         distributed without profit to those who have expressed a prior interest
           in receiving the included information for research and educational
                                        purposes.



        Pipeline plan would bring gas to Fairbanks by
        2013
        By Eric Lidii
        Staff Writer
        Fairbanks News-Miner

        Published January 30, 2007
        A new Alaska Natural Gas Development Authority plan presented Monday would bring
        North Slope natural gas to Fairbanks and other points in the state by 2013.
        The Alaska Gas Market System, as the plan is called, would cost $5 billion and ultimately
        bring $1.25 billion cubic feet of natural gas daily through a 24-inch pipeline from the North
        Slope to Glennallen, where it would split into two smaller pipelines bound for the Cook Inlet
        and a liquefying plant in Valdez, according to Harold Heinze, chief executive officer of
        ANGDA.
        Heinze said the new proposal places Alaskan interests first by initially serving Alaskan
        markets, and eventually expanding into exporting capabilities to help increase the profitability
        of the project.
        The plan has a much narrower scope than previous projects. Heinze called the plan
        "doable."
        It would require 10 trillion cubic feet of natural gas, or 40 percent of the known Prudhoe Bay
        reserves, to make the project financially feasible for 20 years.
        Heinze estimated that would be one-fifth of the natural gas needed to make some of the
        larger pipeline proposals economically viable.
        Heinze said 30 percent of the total gas needed for the project would come from the state in-
        kind royalties, and the rest would have to come from one of the major North Slope


11/10/2009

                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0000141
                                                                                                            Page 2 of 2



     producers, either ExxonMobil , BP or ConocoPhillips.
     Heinze also allowed for alternate sources of undeveloped gas.
     The initial $ 5 billion price tag would be split between $4 billion to build 970 miles of buried pipe
     following the route of trans-Alaska oil pipeline , and a $ 1 billion conditioning plant on the North Slope.
     A Valdez liquefying plant would cost an additional $3 billion.
     It would deliver 0 . 25 billion cubic feet of natural gas daily to Fairbanks and the Cook Inlet, and
     expand once the Valdez station went online.
     Heinze said the pipeline could be integrated into future projects.
     "It would not hurt the economics of any future pipeline and it's not intended to replace a big pipeline,"
     Heinze said.
     In the memo , Heinze said the project was "intended to be advanced simultaneous with other efforts"
     and that " ANGDA intends to work with any and all interested and experience parties" over the next
     two years of project planning.
     ANGDA is requesting $5 million to study and define the project.
     The proposal is a response to Gov . Sarah Pal!n's early December request from ANGDA for natural
     gas options. It attempts to alleviate concerns over delays in a Canadian route to the Lower 48 and a
     larger pipeline that would require participation from the three North Slope major producers.
     "Does Alaska want to sit around and wait ." Heinze asked . "And the answer is, 'Probably not.'"




   Finding fabulous fares is fun.
   Let Yahoo! FareChase search your favorite travel sites to find flight and hotel bargains.




11/10/2009

                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0000142
