Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

                                                                                                                          Page 1 of 3


                 Unknown
                 From :    Sarah Palin [govpalin@yahoo.com]
                 Sent:     Wednesday, January 31, 2007 7:30 AM
                 To:       waralaska@alaska.com
                 Subject: Fwd: FW: Horror Story
                 i'll find out what happened and i'll contact the Privilege family.

                 Wayne Anthony Ross <waralaska@alaska.com> wrote:

                  Date: Sat, 27 Jan 2007 17:37:44 -0900
                  From: Wayne Anthony Ross <waralaska@alaska.com>
                  Subject: FW: Horror Story
                  To: Sarah Palin <spalin@mtaonline.net>

                  Dear Sarah: A week or so ago, I sent you an email asking that you, or your HSS Commissioner,
                  meet with .1-Privileged or P and her husband about their experience with the Department, a real
                  horror story. You quickly had Anna Kim contact me and Anna wrote that she would arrange a
                  meeting between the Privile and the Commish this last Friday, 26 Jan. Shortly thereafter,
                  Anna wrote again to me an s ated that on the advice of some unnamed lawyer (I presume it
                  was from the AG's office) the meeting had been canceled and that no meeting would take place
                  until litigation was finished. I wrote Anna back and stated that waiting was not satisfactory.
                  Subsequent communication between Anna and me is set forth below.

                  During this time I sent Anna a letter, addressed to you, from a doctor who attempted to point out
                  the danger these Privile kids were in as a result of being in State custody. I can only wonder
                  whether Anna forwarded that letter on to you.

                  The Privilege problem was caused by the people in the Murky Administration and the Palin
                  Administration has an opportunity to straighten things out but I cannot get your Commish to meet
                  with the Privile     Is it possible that this may be because your current Commish is a holdover
                  from the Murky Administration? Somebody in the DHSS or the Department of Law doesn't want
                  you to take a look at this, and the first time I have had an opportunity to deal with your Assistant
                  Chief of Staff I get stonewalled. Like you and your dealings with Frank, I don't like being
                  stonewalled.

                  I am suggesting that you meet with the Privilege as soon as possible. Indeed, I am asking that
                  you do so.

                  I can remember when you yourself sent a letter to the Governor about a situation you came
                  across, and the Governor wouldn't listen, wouldn't address it, and ignored it. It eventually
                  caused him serious problems that you and I had to be involved in together. I happily recognized
                  that the previous administration's "ostrich with its head in the sand" policies were to end when
                  you spoke of gur open door policy In your inauguration speech. Now someone is trying to keep
                  you from implementing that open door policy.

                  As stated, I request that you meet with these two Wasilla parents as soon as possible.
                  Something is not working properly when I requested a meeting , you approved it, and now
                  someone is seeking to derail that meeting.

                  I would hope that with our close relationship, I would be able to have access to you when
                  requested. I have requested anything of you except that access , and then only when I think it is
                  important to the success of what you want to accomplish.

                  Please note that I have not even requested a particular solution; I've only requested these folks
                  be given an ear. I think once you hear their story ( and see the letter to you from the doctor that I
                  tried to get to you through Anna), you will know what needs to be done.



                11/10/2009

                                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0000148
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

                                                                                                                            Page 2 of 3



                  Sorry to bother you directly but I am having difficulty with your lady, Anna.

                  My best, WAR

                  From: Wayne Anthony Ross [mailto :waralaska@alaska.com]
                  Sent: Thursday, January 25, 2007 10:29 AM
                  To: 'Anna Kim'
                  Subject : RE: Horror Story

                  Hi Anna.

                  Thanks for getting back to me so quickly. Apparently you did not get my email of Tuesday where I
                  advised you that waiting until the litigation is over is unsatisfactory. The litigation has been going on for
                  some 2 years now and there is a possibility of it expanding if this unfortunate matter is not resolved.

                  With the new Administration in a position to set things right, either Sarah or the Commissioner needs to
                  learn first hand what has been done to these folks, and especially the children, and what dangers the
                  children continue to face.

                  I am not suggesting a meeting which would include lawyers . Instead it would be a meeting of an Alaskan
                  set of parents and their Governor or her designee.

                  As you should recall , I have represented Sarah personally in the past , and the campaign more recently,
                  and I believe that the Administration would be well served in hearing this story so that Sarah or her
                  designee could make a decision on whether or not intervention by the new Administration is warranted,
                  not only for damage control , but to right some wrongs that were done by the previous Administration.

                  I would not make this request if I did not think it very important.

                  And I would hope you realize that this request comes from one of Sarah 's long-time advocates and
                  supporters , who only wants her to succeed in her efforts.

                  If this request continues to meet with reluctance on your part, as stated , I will try other avenues.

                  I look forward to hearing from you.

                  Thanks, Anna.

                  WAR

                  From: Anna Kim [mailto: anna_kim@gov.state. ak.us]
                  Sent: Thursday, January 25, 2007 10:02 AM
                  To: 'Wayne Anthony Ross'
                  Cc: 'Jackson, Karleen'; 'Michael Tibbles'
                  Subject: RE: Horror Story

                  Good Morning,

                  Please be assured that as soon as the litigation is complete , we will be happy to meet with the Privilege'

                  Regards, Anna

                  Anna Kim, Special Staff Assistant
                  Office of the Governor

                  From: Wayne Anthony Ross [mailto:waralaska@alaska.com]
                  Sent: Thursday, January 25, 2007 10:03 AM
                  To, Kim, Anna



                 11/10/2009
                                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0000149
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

                                                                                                                   Page 3 of 3


                 Subject: Horror Story

                 Good morning Kim! Are you going to be able to arrange that meeting between the Commish and the
                Privile or between Sarah and the Privile       If you cannot, I'll use other methods to arrange such
                 meeting. I appreciate your efforts. My best, WAR



               Don't get soaked. Take a quick peak at the forecast
               with theYahoo! Search weather shortcut.




                11/10/2009

                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0000150
