Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

                                                                                                                 Page 1 of I


                 Unknown
                 From :    Sarah Palin [govpalin @yahoo.com]
                 Sent:    Wednesday , January 31, 2007 12:25 AM
                 To:      Spencer; Karl L (GOV); Fagerstrom; Erika (GOV)
                 Subject: dinners, coffees, and schedules
                 Tomorrow night' s dinner should be scheduled for 1.5 hours instead of 2 hrs. (A two-hour
                 scheduled meeting means it will be closer to 3 hrs. before it wraps up.)

                 Also, meetings like tonight's mining meeting over here at the house can be scheduled for 1 hour
                 at the most, as even those type of events drag on for much longer than they really need to. I
                 know I sound picky about the time parameters I put around these events, but every minute is
                 precious in these days that go by much too fast as I have so much to do.

                 If folks know ahead of time that I'm counting on the event to wrap up in a certain timeframe then
                 I won't feel so guilty getting up and moving on to my next task at a certain time.

                 I would like to have more events over at the house, but not if they go on for too many hours into
                 the evening, as those evening hours have to be spent catching up on emails and phone calls and
                 getti ng ready for the next day's events.

                 Thanks!




                 Check out the all-new Yahoo! Mail beta - Fire up a more powerful email and get things done
                 faster.




                 11/10/2009

                                                                                                                 PRA_GSP01_0000151
