Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

                                                                                                                          Page 1 of 1


                  Unknown

                  From :      Sarah Palin [govpalin@yahoo.com]
                  Sent:       Thursday, February 01, 2007 5:21 PM
                  To:         Michael A Tibbles; Frye; Ivy J (GOV)
                  Subject : Fwd: Board of Regents
                  fyi
                  for file?

                  Steve MacSwain <s.macswain@macswain.com> wrote:

                   From: "Steve MacSwain" <s.macswain@macswain.com>
                   To: <spalin@mtaonline.net>
                   Subject: Board of Regents
                   Date: Thu, 1 Feb 2007 17:12:34 -0900

                   Governor Palin,

                   Hopefully you have received and reviewed my Regent application (qualifications ) by now. I would
                   like to add a few other facts regarding the residency issue . As noted in my qualifications, I am a
                   1969 graduate of the University of Alaska Fairbanks (while attending college I played basketball
                   for the Nanooks and was also the sports editor for the Polar Star newspaper my senior year).
                   After graduation I went to work as a real estate appraiser , built a home , and raised a family in
                   Fairbanks. My wife (Linda) who is also a University of Alaska graduate , taught at Main Junior
                   High School. Our son (Stevie) began his youth hockey there and our daughter (Stephanie) was
                   born in Fairbanks.

                   After my employer relocated their main office to Anchorage in the mid -1970's, I continued to work
                   in Fairbanks. In the mid-1980 's I was selected by the State of Alaska ( DNR) as the Fairbanks
                   expert for a three (3) member valuation panel to analyze and value 1,000,000 acres involving
                   8,000 statewide parcels of Mental Health Trust Lands . Today, I continue to do work in Fairbanks.
                   Last fall, for example , my firm was contracted to appraise a large group of gas stations in
                   Fairbanks for an Alaska Native regional corporation.

                   As you know, my roots go deep in Alaska , but I wanted you to know more about me and my
                   Fairbanks history.

                   Respectively,

                   Steve MacSwain




                 We won't tell. Get more on shows you hate to love
                 (and love to hate): Yahoo! TV's Guilty Pleasures list.




                 11/10/2009

                                                                                                                         PRA_GSP01_0000158
