Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
             From:                      Marty Rutherford (marty_rutherford@dnr. state, ak. us]
             Sent:                      Thursday, February 01, 2007 1:37 PM
             To:                        Sarah Palin
              Cc:                       Balash ; Joseph R (GOV); Mike Tibbles; Banks; Kevin R (DNR); Patrick S Galvin
              Subject:                  Extension of Kenai LNG Facility export license


              Governor,

              As you are aware, ConocoPhillips & Marathon have jointly filed for a

              2-year extension of the Kenai LNG facility's export license with the

              U.S. Department of Energy (DOE). The current license ends March 2009

              and this application would extend that license until March 2011. The

              DOE process includes a 45-day public comment period and the companies

              are asking that you provide a letter supporting their application to

              extend the export license.



              The DOE application process includes the requirement that the impacted

              U.S. market can accommodate an export of gas, therefore the companies

              filing will include a Reserves Study on Cook Inlet gas.



              My assumption is that DNR will take the lead role in developing

              information that will allow you to make an informed decision about what

              you intend to say to DOE regarding this application.                      I have asked the

              Division of Oil & Gas (DOG) to begin analyzing the Reserves Study as

              soon as it is available, which I'm told will be in the near future. I

              would recommend that this analysis form the basis of your comments to DOE.



              The process I envision will look something like this:

              1.   DNR analyzes the companies Cook Inlet Reserves Study, which should

              take approximately 30 days;

              2.   DNR provides our analysis to you along with our suggestions on how

              this information might guide your                              comments to DOE;

              3.   You determine what you wish to say to DOE and direct DNR what you'd

              like to convey in your letter;

              4.   DNR provides you with a draft letter;

                                                                         1




                                                                                                                  PRA_GSP01_0000159
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



             S.   You finalize the letter and it is sent to DOE.



              I provide all this in the hope that we can limit duplication of effort

             between the Governor ' s office and the agencies while ensuring your needs

             are met. If this meets with your approval please advise.

             Thanks,

             Marty




                                                             2




                                                                                                       PRA_GSPO1 _0000160
