Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

                                                                                                                     Page 1 of 2


                  Unknown

                  From :     Marty Rutherford [marty_rtherford @dnr.state . ak.usj
                  Sent:      Thursday, February 01, 2007 3:36 PM
                  To:        Sarah Palin
                  Cc:      Spencer; Kari L (GOV)
                  Subject: Re: ferc
                 Governor,
                 I completely agree with your comments. Also, for your info, Charles Fedullo, Joe Balash and I
                 have been coordinating a response to press inquiries on the FERC 3rd Report to Congress on the
                 gas pipeline. Earlier this afternoon I spent about 15 minutes on the phone with Steve Quinn, AP,
                 on this issue and that discussion went very well.
                 I look forward to speaking with Wesley Loy as well.
                 Marty


                  Sarah Palin wrote:

                          ADN just called - Wesley Loy - asked about new FERC report that makes it sound
                          like we're slow on the gasline... I told him to talk to you but that we're AHEAD of
                          where Murk, was because he engaged in a futile effort... that we should have AGIA
                          in front of legislators in a couple of weeks - that we're not slow... that FERC
                          hopefully isn't intimating that Murk was going to get us a gasline out of his deal
                          because he wasn't.

                        Marty Rutherford <marty ruthefordna^dnr. state.ak.us> wrote:

                           Governor,
                           As you are aware, ConocoPhillips & Marathon have jointly filed for a
                           2-year extension of the Kenai LNG facility's export license with the
                           U.S. Department of Energy (DOE). The current license ends March 2009
                           and this application would extend that license until March 2011. The
                           DOE process includes a 45-day public comment period and the companies
                           are asking that you provide a letter supporting their application to
                           extend the export license.

                           The DOE application process includes the requirement that the impacted
                           U.S. market can accommodate an export of gas, therefore the companies
                           filing will include a Reserves Study on Cook Inlet gas.

                           My assumption is that DNR will take the lead role in developing
                           information that will allow you to make an informed decision about what
                           you intend to say to DOE regarding this application. I have asked the
                           Division of Oil & Gas (DOG) to begin analyzing the Reserves Study as
                           soon as it is available, which I'm told will be in the near future. I
                           would recommend that this analysis form the basis of your comments to
                           DOE.

                           The process I envision will look something like this:
                           1. DNR analyzes the companies Cook Inlet Reserves Study, which should


                 11/10/2009

                                                                                                                   PRA GSPOI 0000161
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

                                                                                                                Page 2 of 2


                         take approximately 30 days;
                         2. DNR provides our analysis to you along with our suggestions on how
                         this information might guide your comments to DOE;
                         3. You determine what you wish to say to DOE and direct DNR what you'd
                         like to convey in your letter;
                         4. DNR provides you with a draft letter;
                         5. You finalize the letter and it is sent to DOE.

                         I provide all this in the hope that we can limit duplication of effort
                         between the Governor 's Office and the agencies while ensuring your needs
                         are met. If this meets with your approval please advise.
                         Thanks,
                         Marty



                       Want to start your own business? Learn how on Yahoo! Small Business.




                  11/10/2009

                                                                                                              P RA_GS PO I _0000162
