Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

                                                                                                                      Page 1 of 1


                  Unknown

                  From :   Sarah Palin [govpalin @yahoo.com]
                  Sent:    Thursday, February 01, 2007 2:44 PM
                  To:        Rutherford; Martha K (DNR)
                  Cc:        Spencer, Karl L (GOV)
                  Subject: ferc
                  ADN just called - Wesley Loy - asked about new FERC report that makes it sound like we're
                  slow on the gasline... I told him to talk to you but that we're AHEAD of where Murk. was
                  because he engaged in a futile effort ... that we should have AGIA in front of legislators in a
                  couple of weeks - that we're not slow... that FERC hopefully isn't intimating that Murk was going
                  to get us a gasline out of his deal because he wasn't.

                  Marty Rutherford <marry__rutherford(a^dnr. state. ak.us> wrote:

                    Governor,
                    As you are aware, ConocoPhillips & Marathon have jointly filed for a
                    2-year extension of the Kenai LNG facility's export license with the
                    U.S. Department of Energy (DOE). The current license ends March 2009
                    and this application would extend that license until March 2011. The
                    DOE process includes a 45-day public comment period and the companies
                    are asking that you provide a letter supporting their application to
                    extend the export license.

                    The DOE application process includes the requirement that the impacted
                    U.S. market can accommodate an export of gas, therefore the companies
                    filing will include a Reserves Study on Cook Inlet gas.

                   My assumption is that DNR will take the lead role in developing
                   information that will allow you to make an informed decision about what
                   you intend to say to DOE regarding this application. I have asked the
                   Division of Oil & Gas (DOG) to begin analyzing the Reserves Study as
                   soon as it is available, which I'm told will be in the near future. I
                   would recommend that this analysis form the basis of your comments to DOE.

                   The process I envision will look something like this:
                   1. DNR analyzes the companies Cook Inlet Reserves Study, which should
                   take approximately 30 days;
                   2. DNR provides our analysis to you along with our suggestions on how
                   this information might guide your comments to DOE;
                   3. You determine what you wish to say to DOE and direct DNR what you'd
                   like to convey in your letter;
                   4. DNR provides you with a draft letter;
                   5. You finalize the letter and it is sent to DOE.

                   I provide all this in the hope that we can limit duplication of effort
                   between the Governor's Office and the agencies while ensuring your needs
                   are met. If this meets with your approval please advise.
                   Thanks,
                   Marty




                  Want to start your own business? Learn how on Yahoo! Small Business.


                  11/10/2009

                                                                                                                      PRA_GSP01_0000166
