Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

                                                                                                                         Page 1 of 1



                  Unknown

                   From :    Mike Tibbles [mike tibbles@ gov.state .ak.us]
                  Sent:      Thursday, February 01, 2007 7:04 PM
                  To:        Sarah Palin
                  Subject: FW: Rossi for Commissioner - NO


                FYI

                From : John Spiegel [mailto:spiegel@gci.net]
                Sent: Thursday, February 01, 2007 3:10 PM
                To: mike_tibbles@gov.state.ak.us
                Subject: Rossi for Commissioner - NO

                Dear Mike,

                I am writing in regards to Corey Rossi 's interest in becoming Commissioner of Fish and Game . Even though I am
                a long term Alaskan resident , trapper, sport fisherman and hunter I do not want to see Corey Rossi in this
                position . I have worked with Rossi for 13 years for Wildlife Services and I left that position because of his
                unethical behavior (conflict of interest and abuse of his position ). I have found that while Rossi talks high
                standards he does not hold himself to those standards . He is a very persuasive person , but part of that
                persuasion includes deceit.

                As far a being qualified for that position , there are many others who are far more qualified than he is. He does not
                have a strong background (academic or practical ) in wildlife management. Corey knows how to trap and he has
                helped put together teams for USFWS and others for their management projects, but he has had little to do with
                actual management decisions.

                My main concern is his unethical behavior. I have little doubt that if he is appointed to this position he will become
                an ethical embarrassment.

                Thank you Jon Spiegel




                8/26/2009
                                                                                                                         PRA GSP01 _0000172
