Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

                                                                                                                                    Page 1 of 1


                  Unknown

                  From :      Walt Monegan [walt_monegan@dps.state.ak.us]
                  Sent:       Friday, February 02, 2007 12:45 PM
                  To:         Sarah Palin
                  Cc:         Meghan N Stapleton; Sharon Leighow; Charles Fedullo; Danial R Spencer; Kim Peterson; Matt Leveque;
                              Russell T Kelly; Michael A Tibbles
                  Subject: Re: Fwd: Gov's Talking Points for AK Outdoor Council Annual Juneau Fund-raiser Banquet


                        Governor - In discussing this split with our DPS HR people , with the cooperation of your office and
                        that of the Dept. of Administration , we can have the new structure completed with some at least
                        acting positions in place by the first week in March . The person I had wanted to head this split is the
                        announced new DPS Deputy Commissioner John Glass , a retired Director of our "Brown Shirts;" and
                        he is expected to start here on Feb . 12th, and as he is a proponent of this restructure he will continue
                        and oversee this effort.
                        -Walt

                        Sarah Palin wrote:

                               Commissioner Monegan:

                               Where are we , timing-wise, on splitting trooper Brown and Blue Shirts? I want to
                               announce tonight at AOC dinner the status . So I'll need to hear your update asap today.

                              Thank you,
                              Sarah

                               Meghan N Stapleton <meghan stapleton(Qaov.state.ak.us> wrote:

                                 Here are the briefing points for tonight 's speech as presented by
                                 Nizich through Somerville.
                                 Date: Tue , 30 Jan 2007 08:13:22 -0900
                                 From : Lynn Castle <Iynn castle(cDgov.state.ak.us>
                                 Subject : Gov's Talking Points for AK Outdoor Council Annual Juneau Fund-
                                 raiser
                                 Banquet
                                 To: 'Meghan Stapleton ' <meghan staoIetonCmoov . state.ak.us>,
                                 sharon eiahow@goov. state.ak.us
                                 CC: 'Mike Nizich' <mike nizich[c1)aov. state.ak.us>,
                                 sharon buschCapgov.state. ak.us

                                 Meghan,

                                Attached are the Governor's talking points for AK Outdoor
                                Council Annual Juneau Fund-raiser Banquet on Feb. 2.

                                 Lynn Castle
                                 Executive Secretary
                                 Office of the Governor
                                 907-465-3500
                                 907-465-3532 fax




                              Everyone is raving about the all-new Yahoo! Mail beta.




                  11/10/2009

                                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0000174
