Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

                                                                                                                       Page 1 of 1


                  Unknown

                  From :    Sarah Palin [govpalin@yahoo.coml
                  Sent:     Friday, February 02, 2007 12:36 PM
                  To:       Karleen K Jackson; Kim; Anna C (GOV)
                  Subject :Privileg case
                  Commissioner Jackson:

                  Because I am committed to respond to as many requests from the public as possible, I couldn't
                  keep ignoring the requests to contac Privileged or and let her know that I care about her issue
                  (her kids in OCS custody), I wanted to keep the conversation short but she did appreciate having
                  an ear to hear so she spent quite a bit of time explaining her situation. As was expressed to me by
                  another person, her story does sound like a horror story - though I know there are always two
                  sides to it.

                  She is very, very frustrated with "the system", and is very sad that it seems to her the intent of
                  OCS is to keep families apart, not bring them back together.

                  I assume you know the details of her case.

                  I trust that we're working to help her family - I don't believe she trusts that the state is working to
                  help.

                  Please let me know if and what the state can do to build the Privileg amily's faith that "the
                  system" is working to help them, not hurt them.

                  Thank you,
                  Sarah


                  Don't be flakey. Get Yahoo! Mail for Mobile and
                  always stay connected to friends.




                  11/10/2009

                                                                                                                    PRA GSPOI_0000176
