Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

                                                                                                                    Page 1 of 1



                  Unknown

                   From :    Ivy Frye [Ivy_Frye@ gov.state.ak.us]
                   Sent:     Monday , February 05, 2007 12:18 PM
                   To:       Meghan N Stapleton ; Sharon Leighow
                   Cc:       mike_tibbles@gov . state.ak. us; gov. sarah@yahoo . com; Kris Perry
                   Subject : Chris Hayes

                 Meg and Sharon,

                 I wanted to give you a heads up that Governor Palin is going to remove Chris Hayes from the Alaska Workforce
                 Investment Board and request that she step down from her seat on the Human Rights Commission. Please see
                 the attached memo which explains more. I'm at 465-3969 if you need more information.

                 Thanks,

                 Ivy Frye
                 Director, Boards and Commissions
                 Office of Governor Sarah Palin
                 ivy_fiye@gov.state.ak.us
                 (907) 465-3500 office
                 (907) 465-8110 fax




                 8/31/2009

                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0000194
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

                 Governor has authority to do right thing                                                                  Page 1 of 1



                   Unknown

                   From :    Ivy Frye [Ivy_Frye@gov.state. ak.us]
                   Sent:     Monday, February 05, 2007 10:04 AM
                   To:       gov.sarah@yahoo.com
                   Subject: FW: Governor has authority to do right thing

                 Governor,

                 Sending this as an FYI. Mike had a conversation with Talis this morning and Privileged or Personal Material ^
                 Privileged or Personal Material Redacted


                 From : Kristie Babcock [mailto:kristie.babcock.Io2w@statefarm.com]
                 Sent: Monday, February 05, 2007 9:09 AM
                 To: mike tibbles@gov.state.ak.us; ivy_frye@gov.state.ak.us
                 Cc: Kristie Babcock
                 Subject: Governor has authority to do right thing


                 Hello Mike. Ivy.....Here's a summary of my thoughts on the issue

                 February 5, 2007

                 Governor has authority to do right thing

                 Governor Palin has the authority to appoint and remove members of the University Board of Regents. While the
                 Governor's removal authority should only be exercised with caution, the law is clear that there are no specific
                 removal provisions that restrict her authority to replace a Regent. ',If ever there were a time for the Governor to
                 exercise that appointment authority, the time is now - when there.. is a sitting regent who misused and touted the
                 official University seal for private purposes, and who is also clouded with a 92-count indictment including misuse
                 of public money.: The public expects Governor Palinto.follow through. on her pledge to have only honest, ethical
                 Alaskans on the state's boards. In this case, the Attorney General's opinion that says the Governor does not
                 have the authority to replace a sitting Regent- appears to be.only that -- an opinion. And unfortunately for the
                 public counting on the Governor to do the-right thing the AG's opinion isn't backed up by the statutes relating the
                 Regent appointments, nor is it backed up the Alaska Constitutional references related to University Regent
                 appointments.,^And, even if the Governor were restricted by (a non-existent) statute or Constitutional provision
                 saying she could only remove the member for; cause,;=wouldn't you agree that a sitting University Regent applying
                 for a federal grant for his private church or organization and putting the Official University seal on that letterhead
                 might be construed as a misuse of that seal, and a;misuse of that Regent's position for gain? Sounds like cause
                 to me. Either way one looks at it, Governor Palin has the`authority to do the right thing.

                 Kristie (Leaf) Babcock
                 Former Director of Boards and Commissions under Governors Walter J. Hickel and Frank Murkowski




                 8/27/2009
                                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0000195
