Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

                                                                                                                    Page 1 of 1


                  Unknown

                  From :    Sarah Palin [govpalin @yahoo.com]
                  Sent:     Tuesday, February 06, 2007 7:41 AM
                  To:       Karl L Spencer; Meghan N Stapleton ; mike_tibbles@gov . state.ak.us; John Bitney
                  Cc:       Sharon Leighow; Russ Kelly; Charles B Fedullo
                  Subject : DOT Transistion Report
                 The DOT article this morning in Juneau Empire is a must read for our new DOT folks. The
                 Transition Report captured much of the reality in DOT today. The earmarked projects that are
                 causing such consternation have confused and frustrated DOT personnel, as well as many of us
                 in the public.

                  Kari - would you please make sure Leo V. gets a copy of that article, plus the Transition Report.
                  Please get him this email also, I don't have his personal address . You'll have to call him to
                  forward it.

                  (It's a report like that that I don't believe we should have kept from the press/public for weeks - it
                  helps explain the actions I've taken like canceling the Pioneer Rd. contract, replacing Robin
                  Taylor, examining the purchase of material for other projects, etc. It does more harm than good
                  to keep reports like that under wraps... and I still have to be convinced it's an appropriate thing to
                  do - not releasing as much info. as possible to the public.)

                  thanks!


                  Get your own web address.
                  Have a HUGE year through Yahoo! Small Business.




                  11/10/2009
                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0000199
