Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

                                                                                                                    Page 1 of 2


                  Unknown
                   From :   Sarah Palin [govpalin @yahoo.com]
                  Sent:     Wednesday, February 07, 2007 9:48 PM
                  To:       mike_tibbles@gov.state, ak.us; tibbles@alaska. net; Michael A Nizich
                   Subject: Fwd: Not sure what is getting to you. Corey


                  Corey Rossi <adcman@alaska.com> wrote:

                    Date: Wed, 07 Feb 2007 10:59:02 -0900
                    From: Corey Rossi <adcman@alaska.com>
                    Subject: Not sure what is getting to you. Corey
                    To: SPalin@mtaonline.net

                    Dear Governor Palin

                    Thank you for taking time out of your busy schedule to attempt to make contact with me.

                    In answer to your request, yes, I am very interested in becoming part of "the team".
                    Please find attached a draft position description that represents my understanding of
                    what I think it is you would like to see in the Deputy position. Please review and modify
                    as you see fit.

                    Having said this, please allow me to qualify my interest by clarifying a few points.

                    1. Thousands of Alaskan's (including me) are still very excited about your promise to
                    return ADFG management to its constitutional foundation - managing for maximum
                    sustained yield, to the benefit of all Alaskans.

                    2. Having now spent a couple of months promoting your abundance management agenda
                    throughout the state, I am more aware than ever that the collective belief in your
                    abundance campaign promise represents the very core of your sportsman support base.

                    3. As I shared with Nizich last Thursday, if you intend to hire and delegate the
                    appropriate authority to me as an agent of change for the better (within ADFG), I will
                    give you everything I've got to accomplish your agenda. As I've said before, I strongly
                    believe in you and your vision.

                    4. Make no mistake; the "anti-abundance agenda" is alive and well within ADFG. I have
                    no doubt we will meet some measure of resistance in trying to "grow" more fish and
                    game. In many of today's wildlife management circles, the unspoken rule is to use a
                    "custodial" management approach (the nature's balance approach). This makes less work
                    for the managers (fewer animals to count, fewer battles with those of opposing
                    viewpoints, etc.), and sets the stage for a variety of crises (e.g., population crashes,
                    allocation battles, etc.), which then become the basis for requests for increased
                    Department funding to "fix" the problem.

                    5. I will be the first to admit that the numerous and diverse commercial fisheries issues
                    would have been a serious distraction to my fulfilling your abundance agenda. I only ran


                  11/10/2009

                                                                                                                   P RA_GS P01 _0000206
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

                                                                                                                   Page 2 of 2


                   for the top slot in an effort to guarantee that adequate human and material resources would be
                   dedicated to your abundance agenda. If such assurances can be realized through other
                   mechanisms , I am very interested in pursuing this effort.

                   In closing, I again thank you for the invite . I look forward to the opportunity to be a productive
                   member of your team . When you can set a brief amount of time aside , I would like to discuss
                   these things with you personally . However, I know your time is in very short supply . Please let
                   me know when, where, and how much time we have, and I will prepare accordingly. In the
                   interim, I am providing everything in writing to allow you to review the material on your own
                   schedule.

                   Respectfully,

                   Corey Rossi
                   adcman@alaska.com

                   (907) 355-2473 cell
                   (907) 746-6387 home



                  Access over 1 million songs - Yahoo! Music Unlimited.




                  11/10/2009

                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01 _0000207
