Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

                                                                                                                          Page 1 of 1


                  Unknown

                  From :       Lt Governor Sean Parnell [sr_parnell@ gov. state . ak. us]
                  Sent:        Thursday, February 08, 2007 8:52 AM
                  To:          Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored)
                  Cc:          Rutherford; Martha K (DNR); Patrick S Galvin
                  Subject : T/C with Lisa Murkowski
                  Governor,

                 After leaving the Cabinet lunch yesterday I spoke with Sen. Lisa Murkowski , and wanted to share the
                 highlights.

                 On the political environment in Congress at this point:
                  1. The prevailing view in Congress is that the federal government already gave at the counter for
                 the Alaska pipeline (accelerated depreciation, etc.) and they want to know what the state is going
                 to do-what "skin in the game" will we have. (She's willing to work with us to help with any
                 "asks" we might have-this was merely her comment on the prevailing thinking at this point in
                 DC.) She pointed out that individual senators are trying to get subsidies/help for the energy
                 industries in their states and unless the message is managed well they can stop progress on
                 anything Alaska might want where they can say the federal government is already "in" on the
                 gas pipeline. For example, Sen. Domenici is trying to get help with nuclear power, the Wyoming
                 delegation is trying to get help with coal.
                 2. Because the gas pipeline hasn't been in the news in DC there are questions about how
                 aggressively we're pursuing a pipeline. In my words, it seems to be the "out of sight, out of
                 mind, nothing must be happening" perception. Again, Lisa knows we're pushing it this was
                 her comment on prevailing DC political environment. The DOE Secretary also verbally
                 expressed this perception in the Energy Committee yesterday in response to some of Lisa's
                 questions regarding funding for Drue's office.
                 3. Lisa's message has been, "new governor, new administration, new ideas, give them a chance
                 to act..."

                 On who you should meet with while you are in DC, Lisa suggested the following:
                     1. FERC/Kelleher, in particular.
                     2. DOE Secretary to update him.
                     3. Congressional delegation (she offered that they could all meet together with you to
                         save time)
                     4. American Gas Association (David Parker)

                 On messaging, Lisa suggested,

                    1. You are aggressively pursuing a gas pipeline
                    2. The state's willing to participate and here's how (name pieces)
                    3. Talk about this being in the national interest (affordable, reliable energy-I would add
                       "clean")
                    4. We're making it happen, we're doing it right

                        One warning from Lisa: She encouraged us not to seek out Democrats in Congress yet on
                        this-she thinks it's premature until we know exactly what we're asking.

                        That's it for now.

                        Sean


                  11/10/2009
                                                                                                                         PRA_GSP01_0000210
