Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                    Governor Sarah Palin [governor@gov.state.ak.us]
             Sent:                     Friday, February 09, 2007 4:02 PM
             To:                       pencc@alaska.net
             Subject:                  RE: General Administration


             Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin .               The concerns ,    opinions ,   and/or
             information you,

             have sent are important and valuable to the Governor .               Although she is unable to respond
             to each and

             every email herself, your message has been received and is being reviewed by the
             appropriate staff person

             in this office who can best address your need , suggestion , or comment.



             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov. state .ak.us]

             Sent : Friday, February 09, 2007 11:10 AM

             To: governor@gov.state.ak.us

             Subject: General Administration



             Web mail from : Mr. Pastor JD Duncan

             address :   P. O. Box 646 Soldotna AK 99669



             MESSAGE:

             Kerry

             I had the opportunity to meet our First Gentleman ,             Todd Palin Saturday Night at the
             Governor' s Gala on

             the Kenai . I invited him to speak at our Sportsmans Banquet 6 : 30 PM on April 20th. He
             recommended e-

             mailing the Gov. office with this request.



             Our Banquet is an annual event that involves different speakers addressing outdoor Alaska
             activities.

            Some of the past speakers include Ted Spraker , Lt. Gov . Loren Leman ,                 Gene Moe , Johnny
            McCoy , Mark Tudor,

            Dale Anderson and others .         They all had a story to tell about there outdoor activities. I
            would be very

            interested in hosting our First Gentleman to speak about the Irondog race . We try to give
            our speaker


                                                                     1




                                                                                                               PRA GSP01_0000215
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



              30-40 mins .  Part of the purpose of this banquet is to auction of fishing trips raising
              money for our

              Church mission trips to Mongolia and cover all of our speakers expenses. We have been
              involved in

              supporting orphanages and building Mongolian churches with the proceeds for eight years.



             Attendence is between 80-100 men all arriving in 4wd pickups.



              Thank you for taking the time to consider this request.



              Pastor JD Duncan

              Peninsula Christian Center (A/G)

              Soldotna, AK.

              1-907-262-7416



             pencc@alaska.net




                                                              2




                                                                                                         PRA_GSP01_0000216
