 Unknown

  From :            Scott Heyworth [    ^e d4G^e

  Sent:             Saturday, June 16, 2007 5:24 PM
  To:               Paul Fuhs
  Subject:          Halcro's new Blog mischief. .now who gave this info to him??
  Attachments : Blank Bkgrd.gif




        A break from AGIA.... Mat Maid, the visit , the truth
        Posted: June 16, 2007 - 3:01 pm

        Much has been written about Governor Palin's visit to the Matanuska Maid Dairy and how she was
        spurned from taking a tour.

        What you didn't hear about was the actual behind the scenes events which took place.

        June 13,2007

        10:00am - The Governors Office calls Mat-Maid and requests a tour of the plant. They are told by
        employees that the plant manager is gone and the only person authorized to give tours, the CEO, is
        at a well publicized board meeting. It is suggested they reschedule for later.

        11:00am - Kris Perry from the Governor's Office calls and announces that Governor Palin will be
        there at noon . Perry is told once again that there will be noone there authorized to give a tour. Mat-
        Maid is told it is will just be a few people.

        11:30am - Unable to reach the CEO on his cell phone because he is in the middle of a presentation
        to the creamery board, the CEO's wife fields a frantic phone call from the office. ,

        11:45am - The CEO' s wife in her car arrives at the Westmark Hotel where she slips a note to the
        CEO. The public session has just begun and the CEO is unable to leave until he is finished with Q
        &A. He instructs his office to make the governor as comfortable as possible in the conference room
        until he can break away.

        Noon - The Governor arrives with a large entourage of people, including her husband Todd, daughter
        Piper, DNR officials, staff and security. Also in tow is several media outlets.

        Todd Palin becomes agitated and asks the Mat-Maid employees "are you telling me you won't let the
        Governor of Alaska tour this facility?"

        12:30pm - The CEO finally breaks away from the meeting and calls his office to inform them he is 7
        or 8 minutes away from the plant.

        Back at Mat-Maid, the Governor decides to wait no longer and leaves before the CEO arives.

     Prediction - Next week a new creamery board will be appointed and the head will be Robert Gottstein
     who has also been recently awarded a grant for $475,000 from the federal government to open a milk
     bottling plant in Palmer.

     Fact - Did you know that over the last 20 years, Matanuska Maid in an effort to support Alaskan
     Grown have paid Alaskan Dairy Farmers roughly $4 million dollars more for locally produced milk
     than they paid for milk imported from outside Alaska?

     Much more on this story to come.



                                                                                                                  ROSTON 00443
 10/14/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
                                        (^^dac+e^1



-----Original Message-----

From: Todd Palin <fek9wnr@yahoo.com>



Date: Sun, 17 Jun 2007 08:57:50

To:Sarah Palin <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

Subject: ah




A break from AGIA.... Mat Maid, the visit, the truth

Posted: June 16, 2007 - 3:01 pm



Much has been written about Governor Palin's visit to

the Matanuska Maid Dairy and how she was spurned from

taking a tour.



What you didn't hear about was the actual behind the

scenes events which took place.



June 13,2007



10:00am - The Governor's Office calls Mat-Maid and

                                                              ROSTON 00445
                                                       z




 Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
requests a tour of the plant. They are told by

employees that the plant manager is gone and the only

person authorized to give tours, the CEO, is at a well

publicized board meeting. It is suggested they

reschedule for later.



11:00am - Kris Perry from the Governor's Office calls

and announces that Governor Palin will be there at

noon'. Perry is told once again that there will be

noone there authorized to give a tour. Mat-Maid is

told it is will just be a few people.



11:30am - Unable to reach the CEO on his cell phone

because he is in the middle of a presentation to the

creamery board, the CEO's wife fields a frantic phone

call from the office.



11:45am - The CEO's wife in her car arrives at the

Westmark Hotel where she slips a note to the CEO. The

public session has just begun and the CEO is unable to

leave until he is finished with Q &A. He instructs his

office to make the governor as comfortable as possible

in the conference room until he can break away.



Noon - The Governor arrives with a large entourage of

people, including her husband Todd, daughter Piper,


                                                     3      ROSTON 00446




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
DNR officials, staff and security. Also in tow is

several media outlets.



Todd Palin becomes agitated and asks the Mat-Maid

employees " are you telling me you won 't let the

Governor of Alaska tour this facility?"



12:30pm - The CEO finally breaks away from the meeting

and calls his office to inform them he is 7 or 8

minutes away from the plant.



Back at Mat-Maid, the Governor decides to wait no

longer and leaves before the CEO arives.



Prediction - Next week a new creamery board will be

appointed and the head will be Robert Gottstein who

has also been recently awarded a grant for $475,000

from the federal government to open a milk bottling

plant in Palmer.



Fact - Did you know that over the last 20 years,

Matanuska Maid in an effort to support Alaskan Grown

have paid Alaskan Dairy Farmers roughly $4 million

dollars more for locally produced milk than they paid

for milk imported from outside Alaska?




                                                    4       ROSTON 00447




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
Much more on this story to come.




Boardwalk for $500? In 2007? Ha! Play Monopoly Here and Now (it's updated for today's economy)
at Yahoo! Games.

http://get.games.yahoo.com/proddesc?gamekey=monopolyherenow




                                               5                              ROSTON 00448




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
> From: "Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)" <mike. tibbles@alaska.gov>



> Date: Sun , 17 Jun 2007 09:40:54

> To:gov. sarah@yahoo.com

> Subject : Fw: Mat Maid




> Balash is in Juneau . I need to call him here shortly . We planned

> to meet up at the office today.



> The Premere 's office asked if you would feel comfortable having

> the girls go a short tour during our hour meeting in Whitehorse.



> Mike



> ----- Original Message -----

> From : gov.sarah @yahoo.com <gov . sarah@yahoo.com>

> To: Todd Palin <fek9wnr@yahoo.com>; Perry , Kristina Y (GOV);

> Tibbles , Michael A (GOV); Meghan N Stapleton

> Sent: Sun Jun 17 08:20 : 04 2007

> Subject : Re: Mat Maid



> Are these ready to go? All notified? Letters ready?



> Mike- where's balash?

 -----Original Message-----
                                                   4                   ROSTON 00452




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
