Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

                                                                                                                          Page 1 of I



                  Unknown

                   From :    Mike Tibbles [mike tibbles@gov. state. ak.us]
                   Sent:     Monday, February 12, 2007 9:06 PM
                   To:       Sarah Palin
                   Subject : RE: blogs

                 Denby is coming in tomorrow to talk about department staff . He has made a recommendation for a deputy but I need to
                 talk to him about what I have heard in regard to the individual 's personality . We should have a collective
                 recommendation very soon . I will also find out in the morning what AOC decided to do regarding recommending Kelly
                 Hepler.

                 Mike


                 From: Sarah Palin [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]
                 Sent: Monday, February 12, 2007 7:06 PM
                 To: meghan_stapleton@gov.state.ak.us; mike tibbles@gov.state.ak.us; john_bitney@gov.state.ak.us;
                 denby-Iloyd@fishgame.state.ak.us
                 Subject: blogs

                 Meg -

                 Shoot. I made the mistake of looking at the ADN blog to find out about today's "Sarah Palin the Blogger"
                 issue... I knew I shouldn't have looked through it!

                 The first entry I looked at was a slam of you or your answer to the blog issue. The rant sounded familiar - like
                 someone we may know. It was ridiculous and offensive.

                The other entry I looked at was a question about my ethics... it said I was trying to get my
                "Dad's best friend the deputy job at F & G". (Obviously referring to the Mat-Su guy, Corey Rossi, whom a lot
                of game guys were lobbying for - my dad passed on a few comments from guys he was hearing from that were
                favorable to Corey.) I just called my dad, he confirmed that 1.) Corey Rossi is not his best friend 2.) he's not
                lobbying for anything for Corey, he was passing on comments from Alaskans who wanted to make sure I heard
                their input 3.) he would never try to sway me to hire anyone 4.) he knows I'm not micromanaging Denby and
                the choice of Denby's teammembers is in Denby's hands.

                It was another offensive blog entry.

                And it sure leaves me puzzled as to the rumors that are able to spread like wildfire. Kind of makes my stomach
                turn over.

                Looking at that blog was also my reminder to NOT waste my time and energy peeking at it to find out what's
                on readers' minds.

                Tibbles - where is Denby on putting together his F & G team? Until he gets his deputy(ies) in there, we'll keep
                hearing controversy re: who's doing what.




                Looking for earth-friendly autos?
                Browse Top Cars by "Green Rating" at Yahoo! Autos' Green Center.




                 8/25/2009

                                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0000225
