Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown

             From :                    Mike Tibbles [mike tibbles@gov.state.ak.us]
             Sent:                     Wednesday, February 14, 2007 12:39 PM
             To:                       Sarah Palin
             Subject:                  FW: Resource Nationalism Frustrates Exxon -- Oil Daily




             -----Original Message-----

             From: Drue_Pearce@ios.doi.gov [mailto:Drue_Pearce@ios.doi.gov]

             Sent: Wednesday, February 14, 2007 9:50 AM

             To: jwkatz@ALASKADC.org; marty_rutherford@dnr.state.ak.us; joe_balash@gov.state.ak.us;
             mike_tibbles@gov.state.ak.us; meghan_stapleton@gov.state.ak.us

             Subject: Fw: Resource Nationalism Frustrates Exxon -- Oil Daily




             I think the Governor should call Tillerson and challenge him on these

             statements.      The State knows where it wants to go - it's just that Exxon

             doesn't like your direction.          But these sorts of comments hurt the state

             when read here in DC by policymakers.



             Drue

             ----- Forwarded by Drue Pearce/SIO/OS/DOI on 02/14/2007 01:47 PM -----



               (see bold remarks)




             Resource Nationalism Frustrates Exxon



             Resource nationalism comes in many

              forms, but whatever tactics are applied,

             the policy is vexing Exxon Mobil on almost

                                                                      1



                                                                                                                 PRA GSP01_0000248
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



              every continent.

              Addressing journalists at the Cambridge

              Energy Research Associates (Cera) conference

              in Houston on Tuesday, Exxon Chairman and

              Chief Executive Rex W.       Tillerson noted access

              and contractual challenges in Venezuela,

              Indonesia and Alaska as well as uncertainties

              in other countries such as Russia.

              Tillerson told reporters that he was unaware

              of the latest reports from Venezuela

              about the country's ever-changing energy policies.

              He said the company is waiting on government

              representatives to deliver the newest

              policy on ownership and operations of oil and

              gas projects in the South American country.

              "We have not had conversations about

              this point regarding the new regime," he

              said. "We are waiting on the government

              representatives to sit down with us and

              give us some of the details of what exactly

              is it their objectives are, how you migrate

              and offer compensation."

              In Indonesia, state Pertamina is threatening

              to bring in a new partner to replace

              Exxon in developing the giant offshore

              Natuna natural gas field. Technical challenges,

              particularly the field's high percentage

              of carbon dioxide, have prevented

              its development to date.

              According to reports out of Jakarta,

              Pertamina is in discussions with Norwegian

              Statoil about coming in on the longdelayed

              project, which was news to Tillerson.

              "I've only heard about that myself
                                                                   2
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             this morning ," he said.

             In Exxon's opinion the existing contract

             with Pertamina on Natuna "is still in effect."

             He added that negotiations are ongoing and

             that he wouldn ' t expect other parties to inadvertently

             interfere with those efforts.

             A Statoil executive attending the Cera

             conference told Oil Daily that he did not

             know the specifics of discussions between

             Statoil and Pertamina , but indicated talks

             had taken place. Statoil has had significant

             experience dealing with carbon dioxide sequestration

             in the North Sea.

             Exxon and potential partners BP and

             ConocoPhillips thought they had an

             agreement with the state of Alaska on

             terms to build the long-awaited natural

             gas pipeline from Alaska ' s North Slope to

            markets in Canada and the US lower 48.

            The state legislature rejected the terms,

            and the project again is in limbo.

            "I don't really know where we are ," Tillerson

            said. "I don't think it looks like Alaska

            knows where it wants to go , either," he said.

            In the Russian Far East,           oil output at

            the Sakhalin - l project has reached its targeted

            level of 250,000 barrels per day as

            the final well was tied into the production

            facilities , he said. The company also is delivering

            130 million cubic feet of gas per

            day to the regional market.

            Exxon has signed a heads of agreement

            with China National Petroleum Corp. to deliver

                                                                    3
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



             up to 2 billion cubic feet of gas per day via

             pipeline, but the deal is not yet final, Tillerson

             said. If a contract is concluded, then Exxon expects

             to work with Russian gas monopoly

             Gazprom on constructing an export pipeline.

             Tillerson indicated that Exxon and its

             partners have not settled on the pipeline option

             for the Sakhalin gas. "We continue to

             look at other options," he.said, adding that

             Japan and India are interested in LNG. He

             said the final decision will depend on which

             choice would provide the greatest returns.

             Barbara Shook, Houston




                                                             4
