Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

                                                                                                                           Page 1 of I


                 Unknown

                  From :   Sarah Palin [govpalin @yahoo. com]
                  Sent :   Thursday, February 15, 2007 7:08 AM
                  To:       Frye; Ivy J (GOV); Michael A Tibbles
                  Subject : Fwd: A great Alaska fire Marshal... would be...



                 m <merrick@gcLnet> wrote:

                   Date: Thu, 15 Feb 2007 01:11:32 -0900
                   From: m <merrick@gci.net>
                   Subject: A great Alaska fire Marshal... would be...
                   To: sarah <spalin@mtaonline.net>

                   Dear Sarah,

                   I heard through the grapevine that Dave Tyler is a candidate for the state fire marshal 's position.
                   Our state would be well served if Dave got the job. Almost 20 years ago , when I was in college, I
                   did extensive volunteer work as a firefighter and ACLS EMT III. I volunteered with Dave at
                   Chena Goldstream Fire and Rescue where he was the assistant chief , and later, the
                   department's chief. I was so impressed with him that I wrote a letter of recommendation to the
                   Goldstream board when the chiefs position came open . I recall seeing Dave on the cold
                   concrete floor, literally, twisting wrenches on the fire engines when he easily could have asked
                   someone else to do the job. He had a real can-do attitude, and was great to work with.

                   One of the concerns that I have is with Alaska 's high fire death rate - a rate much higher than the
                   national average . Dave has shared the same concerns with me over the years , and he and I
                   both agree that the key to saving lives is though fire prevention. A state fire marshal with Dave's
                   intelligence , dedication and concern about how we can reduce this state 's abysmal fire death
                   record will ultimately save lives.

                   Dave is cut from the same cloth as Tom Irwin- another Fairbanksan who I have tremendous
                   regard for. So there's my two cents... (again).

                   Thank you for your gracious note, I am glad you enjoyed the photographs. It really made my
                   day!


                   Merrick Peirce




                 It's here! Your new message!
                 Get new email alerts with the free Yahoo! Toolbar.




                 11/10/2009

                                                                                                                          PRA_GSP0I_0000256
