Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                                           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

                                                                                                                                                                                          Page 1 of 1


                  Unknown

                   From:      Mike Tibbles (mice tibbles@gov .state.akus]
                   Sent:      Saturday, February 17, 2007 2:07 PM
                   TO.        Sarah Palin
                   Subject: FW.. Pandemic Flu Exercise/Addition Information

                  Governor.

                 I need to get back to the Department of Defense fairly quickly. They would Ake to know if Alaska would be interested in holding a pandemic flu exercise in August involving state and federal
                 officials. John Katz and Mike Nizich recommend the event It would require about a half a day of your time. Additional information is listed below . Thank you.

                 Mike




                 From: John Katz [mailto:jwkatr@ALASKADC.org]
                 Sent: Wednesday, January 31, 2007 5:16 AM
                 To: Michael Tibbles; Mike Nizkh; Karleen Jackson; Craig Campbell
                 Cc: Allison Nyholm; Chip Abernathy; Karl Spencer
                 Subject: Pandemic Flu Exercise/Addition Information



                  After a discussion yesterday with Mike Nizich , I contacted Col. Chris Goggins of the Air Force to obtain additional information about the offer
                  by the Department of Defense to hold a pandemic flu exercise in Alaska involving State and federal officials.

                  DoD would like to hold the exercise in Anchorage , probably at Elmendorf, in August. DoD would work with the State to determine the
                  location , but it needs to be in a secure area. The Governor would select State officials and other invitees , but DoD will suggest the inclusion
                  of certain Federal officials.

                  The exercise would be held on a single day and would involve four or five hours of the Governor 's time and that of other State officials. The
                  participants would be divided into one or two "cells " or working groups headed by a facilitator . The groups would then be exposed to three
                  "cycles" relating to pandemic flu. These would involve scenarios beginning with the detection of the flu virus in a relatively isolated part of the
                  world followed by the spread to Alaska and then to most of the world.

                  Participants would be exposed to mock news broadcasts and summaries of the relevant information . This would be followed by discussion
                  and decision making led by the facilitator . There would be no cross discussion between working groups. At the end of the session, there
                  would be a "hot wash" summary and critique of each cell's responses. This might well be followed by a more in -depth critique prepared at a
                  later time and provided to the Governor.

                  The exercise would be modeled after an earlier one conducted in Hawaii . I am advised that both Federal and Hawaiian officials felt that this
                  exercise was very helpful in promoting cooperation and in identifying strengths and weaknesses in the decision making process.

                  I recommend that we respond affirmatively to the DoD offer. I can see no down sides to doing so, and the exercise should help strengthen the
                  State's approach to natural and man-made disasters.

                  Please let me know what you think or whether you need additional information.


                  Please note that my email address has changed. My new email address is iwk               alaskadc.ore. Thank you.




                  .deepsea,      deepsea TO,       deepsea THfbackgromd- image:url (lhttp://trk0l.mailwise.com/trk 580f95785d33df3345572af40a861cf3.t l'I;background-co:




                  8/26/2009
                                                                                                                                                                                             PRA GSP01 0000274
