Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From :                    Mike Tibbles [mike_tibbles@gov .state.ak.us]
              Sent:                     Saturday, February 17, 2007 1:26 PM
              To:                       Sarah Palin
              Subject:                  FW: Inquiry from Rebecca Braun


              FYI - We provided information to Gregg Erickson that shows Gov. Murkowski spent nearly
              $11,000 last year on his Anchorage apartment.



              Mike



              -----Original Message-----

              From: Linda Perez [mailto:linda_perez@gov.state.ak.us3

              Sent: Tuesday, February 13, 2007 9:35 AM

              To: Debra Bump

              Cc: Sara J Peacock; Michael A Nizich

              Subject: Re: Inquiry from Rebecca Braun



              Hi Debbie,



              The 2006 cost for the apartment for Governor Murkowski was $10,901.61.

              No, Governor Palin does not have a state provided apartment in Anchorage.



              Linda




                                                                       1




                                                                                                                  PRA GSPO1_0000275
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

                                                                                                                           Page I of 4


                  Unknown

                   From :     Sarah Palin [gov. sarah@yahoo.com]
                   Sent:    Monday , February 19, 2007 10:02 AM
                   To:      'Meghan Stapleton '; ' mike_tibbles @gov.state. ak.us'; John_bitney@ gov.state.ak.us; Balash ; Joseph R
                            (GOV)
                   Subject: Re: Fw: NYTlmes: With New Pipeline Plan, Alaska ¢s Governor Enters Precarious Territory


                      You're right.
                      Tibbles - can you get that ASAP, and/or talk to Katz ASAP on this ! If you can't, please delgate it to
                      someone else as soon as you possibly can. Meg can get a statement out that includes anything
                      positive FERC can offer as soon as she receives it.

                      We should have done this right when the report came out and naysayers began capitalizing on the
                      statement that's been repeated now so often.

                      Can you have Katz also put in writing what the three FERC persons reported to him about the true
                      meaning of the report 's comments re: Alaska's slippage.

                      please . ASAP. thanks.

                      Meghan Stapleton <akpresssec@yahoo.com> wrote:

                           We need a letter from FERC - truly ASAP. It's killing us and it's not even how they
                           feel.
                           ----- Forwarded Message ----
                           From: Scott Heyworth <heyworth@gci.net>
                           To: Bill Ward <LowrFalls@aol.com>
                           Sent: Sunday, February 18, 2007 10:02:17 PM
                           Subject: NYTImes: With New Pipeline Plan, Alaska's Governor Enters Precarious
                           Territory




                           In accordance with Title 17 U.S.C. Section 107, this material is distributed without
                           profit to those who have expressed a prior interest in receiving the included
                           information for research and educational purposes.



                           Juneau Journal


                           With New Pipeline Plan, Alaska's
                           Governor Enters Precarious Territory




                   11/10/2009

                                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0000276
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

                                                                                                                    Page 2 of 4




                        Charles Mason for The New York Times
                        Gov. Sarah Palin of Alaska greeting her husband, Todd, a champion snowmobiler, after a race
                        in Fairbanks.


                       By WILLIAM YARDLEY
                       Published : February 19, 2007
                       JUNEAU, Alaska , - The new administration of Gov. Sarah Palin has been full of firsts. Ms.
                       Palin, a Republican, is Alaska' s first female governor and , at 42, its youngest.
                       She held her inauguration in frosty Fairbanks , a first that suited her conservative supporters
                       but slighted the traditional host , this rainy , remote and less Republican state capital. She also
                       appears to be the only governor in history whose spouse is a champion snowmobile racer and
                       a former Arctic oil worker, and is widely referred to as First Dude.
                       Now, two months after taking office, Ms . Palin wants to become the first Alaska governor to
                       deliver what many others have sought without success : construction of a $30 billion pipeline
                       to transport natural gas from the state's North Slope to markets in the lower 48 states.
                       It is an enormous project that could strengthen Alaska's energy -based economy for decades to
                       come, while also, according to some estimates , supplying 7 percent of the nation ' s natural gas
                       annually.
                       But pulling off this first is shaping up to be more complicated.
                       Elected by a wide margin after promising to bring "new energy " and "transparency" to the
                       pipeline project, Ms. Palin took office in December and immediately backed away from the
                       negotiations that her predecessor, Frank H . Murkowski , had been pursuing with the three
                       major energy companies that control much of the land where gas would be developed.
                       Ms. Palin has long criticized those negotiations as back-room dealings whose extensive
                       incentives and tax breaks would have benefited the energy companies , BP, Exxon Mobil and
                       ConocoPhillips , far more than they would have Alaska.
                       "Don't get me started ," she said in an interview in her Capitol office on Thursday.
                       So next month, Ms. Palin intends to introduce the Alaska Gasline Inducement Act, a bill that
                       would open the bidding to new players , as well as the old ones . She says her plan would
                       ensure new jobs and access to gas for state residents . She also says that whoever gets to
                       control the pipeline must allow for its potential expansion so that other gas developers can use


                  11/10/2009

                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0000277
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

                                                                                                                    Page 3 of 4




                        it at reasonable prices, thus encouraging more development.
                        The new plan, however, would delay a formal agreement until next year at the earliest, and it
                        would be another decade, until 2018, before the pipeline was in operation.
                        Ms. Palin won votes last fall for vowing to take just such steps, but in taking them, she has
                        stirred concern beyond Alaska at a time when the Bush administration says it wants to
                        develop new sources of energy.
                        In a report to Congress last month, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission said "the
                        schedule for an Alaska gas pipeline has slipped considerably." The state's senior senator, Ted
                        Stevens, a Republican famous for bringing big projects home, has openly expressed worry.
                        And on Tuesday, Rex W. Tillerson, the chairman and chief executive of Exxon Mobil, one of
                        the companies that hopes to build the pipeline, said: "I don't really know where we are. I
                        don't think it looks like Alaska knows where it wants to go, either."
                        Ms. Palin dismissed that talk. But next week, when she attends a National Governors
                        Association meeting in Washington, she plans to visit Alaska's Congressional delegation and
                        meet with officials at Exxon Mobil and the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, among
                        others. Besides putting minds at ease, she said, she wants to broaden the appeal of the project
                        with the goal of gaining leverage in negotiations.
                        "This project is so much bigger than Alaska and Alaska's interests," Ms. Palin said. "This is
                        for the nation. This is to supply domestically safe sources of fuel. We're going to be able to
                        do that. We should be leading in a national energy plan."
                        The report by the energy commission suggested just such thinking, although it had a more
                        urgent tone than in earlier assessments and sprinkled in some skepticism.
                        "The main obstacle to progress on an Alaskan gas pipeline is the failure to resolve state issues
                        necessary before a project sponsor will commit to go forward," the report said. "The fresh
                        competitive approach announced by the new governor must be successful if Alaska gas is to
                        be part of the nation's energy supply solution in the coming years."
                        Steve Rinehart, a spokesman for BP Exploration Alaska, which controls the most land in the
                        area expected to be developed first, said that with natural gas prices projected to stay
                        relatively high and oil production on the North Slope declining, "the time has come to bring
                        that gas to market."
                        "It makes sense economically," Mr. Rinehart said. "It makes sense for the life of this oil
                        field."
                        But in the past, aides to Ms. Palin said, the big energy companies refused to commit to
                        expanding the pipeline or to allow outside companies to use it for reasonable fees.
                        Mr. Rinehart disagreed. "We were ready to address those issues," he said, "but the process
                        stopped."
                        Critical to pushing a plan through is the state's 60-member, Republican-controlled
                        Legislature. Mr. Murkowski, a former United States senator, clashed with state lawmakers
                        over his pipeline plan through his final days in office. Ms. Palin, by contrast, has echoed their
                        concerns about giving away too much in tax breaks to the energy companies.
                        "What the governor has is a lot of credibility with the public," said State Representative John
                        Harris, the speaker of the House. "She's been a breath of fresh air, in my opinion."
                        Lyda Green, president of the Senate, said Ms. Palin came to office without the intimate
                        knowledge of the energy and financial industries that Mr. Murkowski had. But "she's a very
                        quick study," Ms. Green said. "She has good people around her."
                       Ms. Palin has brought back some top staff members who left in protest over how Mr.
                       Murkowski had been conducting the pipeline negotiations. Now she wants them to help her
                       complete the deal that Mr. Murkowski never could.
                       "We are crafting this whole process with our arms open, even for Exxon," Ms. Palin said.
                       "Come on in and let us know what you have in terms of a proposal to commercialize Alaska's


                   11/10/2009

                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0000278
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com
                                                                                                                   Page 4 of 4




                        natural gas."




                        Any questions? Get answers on any topic at Yahoo! Answers. Try it now.



                      Need a quick answer? Get one in minutes from people who know. Ask your question on Yahoo! Answers.




                   11/10/2009

                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0000279
