Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

                                                                                                                      Page 1 of I


                 Unknown

                 From :    Sarah Palin [govpalin @yahoo.com)
                 Sent :    Monday, February 19, 2007 9:27 AM
                 To:       Sean Parnell
                 Subject: Re: Good first rollout
                 Thanks Sean. I'll be in Juneau Tues so am glad you'll be at PacCom.

                 When will your op ed be complete so we can get that in the mix? We're busy drafting the next
                 rounds of public education pieces, but I'm anxious to get your piece in there asap.

                 thanks!

                 Sean Parnell Privileged or Personal P wrote:

                   Just wanted to let you know the timing was good as was the content (from the public's
                   perspective) on the phased rollout of AGIA. The article in the Money section today was
                   informative and seemed to contain key talking points.

                   I have to address the PAC-COM trade conference on Tuesday and will incorporate the points
                   from today's article. (I'll also speak to some of what Jenkins said yesterday-that was a
                   disappointing column). Of course, if your plans changed and you're in Anchorage on Tuesday
                   you're welcome to the podium to speak to these mostly contractor, construction types instead of
                   me.

                   Have a great day!

                  Sean



                 Now that's room service! Choose from over 150,000 hotels
                 in 45,000 destinations on Yahoo! Travel to find your fit.




                 11/10/2009

                                                                                                                     PRA_GS P01 _0000280
