Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

                                                                                                                        Page 1 of 1


                 Unknown

                  From :    Sarah Palin [gov.sarah@yahoo.com]
                 Sent:      Monday, February 19, 2007 11:31 PM
                  To:       Christopher Clark; 'Michael A Tibbles'
                 Cc:      John Katz; 'John Bitney'
                 Subject: Re: Pete Rouse: someone in D.C. worth meeting
                 I'm game to meet him

                 Christopher Clark <christopher clark@gov state.ak.us> wrote:

                   Mike -

                   When you and the Governor are in Washington, D.C., Jerry Reinwand recommends that you
                   hook up with a guy named Pete Rouse.

                   Rouse was once chief-of-staff for then-Lieutenant Governor Terry Miller. He 's now chief-of-staff
                   for a guy named Barack Obama.

                   A few weeks ago, Jerry wrote:

                            Pete Rouse (formerly Terry Miller's Chief of Staff when I was on Jay's
                            staff) is watching the Governor from D.C.
                            Pete has an interest in Alaska, so it is natural that he would be following
                            the Governor's progress. In September, Pete said that he thought Sarah
                            Palin would win the Governor's race (don't know if he saw Democratic
                            polling data or what). Pete has served as Senator Daschle's Chief of
                            Staff, and is now Senator Obama's Chief of Staff.
                            Senator Ted Stevens loves Pete as the Senator and I had a long
                            discussion one night about Pete at a fundraising dinner. Might be worth
                            the Governor's time to visit with Pete when she is next in D.C.
                            Pete wants to help Alaska however he can and he has tremendous
                            influence In the Senate Democrat Majority. In fact, Pete was thinking
                            seriously of retiring after Daschle was defeated but the Senate
                            Democrats recruited Pete to help Senator Obama learn the ropes in
                            D.C. and the Senate.

                   I can scrounge up a phone number, if you like.

                  Chris




                Access over I million songs - Yahoo! Music Unlimited.




                 11/10/2009

                                                                                                                       PRA GSP01-0000283
