Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

                                                                                                                             Page 1 of 3


                 Unknown

                  From :   John Bitney [john bitney@gov.state.ak.us]
                  Sent:    Monday, February 19, 2007 9:31 PM
                 To:       'Sarah Palin'; 'Meghan N Stapleton'; Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); 'mike_tibbles@gov. state.ak.us'; Lloyd;
                           Denby S (DFG)
                  Cc:      Balash; Joseph R (GOV)
                  Subject: RE: Interview/ Notes from interview with Bob Tkacz
                 Governor
                 I apologize for not catching you sooner regarding the Mixing Zone issue.

                 Rep. Paul Seaton has a bill that would essentially establish the previous regulations for mixing zones into
                 state law. Right now, the Dept. Environmental Conservation has new regulations pending before the
                 federal EPA for final approval that would allow permitting for mixing zones in areas that do not impact
                 salmon streams.

                 Bob Tkacz is notorious for mischaracterizing people's positions and how they testify.

                 Lynn Kent, DEC Director of Water Quality, has been doing a great job of keeping my office informed
                 about our administration's position on Mixing Zones and Seaton's bill. To date, our position has been to
                 request the opportunity for the new Commissioner to take office in order to establish a final position. In
                 the meantime, Bob is upset because we are not supporting passage of Seaton's bill to "undo" the
                 regulations that are pending review at EPA.

                 Bob is also writing that I testified in opposition to Rep. Les Gara's bill that would transfer Habitat back to
                 ADF&G. This is also a total falsehood. Bob got in my face last week regarding your campaign
                 statements about Habitat... and even argued with me about my own recollection of watching you talk
                 about the issue at two different candidate forums (ACV and UFA). I was there... and I clearly recall you
                 stating that you wanted to see how things are working and get more information before taking a final
                 position.

                 I will ask both Tom Irwin (DNR) and Larry Hartig (DEC) to provide recommendations for a position
                 regarding mixing zones. Denby,.. that includes you, too.
                 Thanks!!
                 John Bitney


                 From: Sarah Palin [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]
                 Sent: Sunday, February 18, 2007 8:29 PM
                 To: Meghan N Stapleton; sharon_leighow@gov.state.ak.us; mike_tibbles@gov.state.ak.us;
                 denby_Iloyd@fishgame.state.ak.us; John Bitney
                 Cc: joe_balash@gov.state.ak.us
                 Subject : Interview/ Notes from interview with Bob Tkacz

                 It continued to be "fast busy" until I borrowed Todd's cell phone & finally got through on that
                 phone. I just spent 20 minutes with Bob. Quite unpleasant. He's quite insistent that I'm breaking a
                 campaign promise re: Habitat, though I repeated my explanation that it's very unfair to Alaskans
                 for me to claim I'll keep Habitat in DNR, in perpetuity, when I've only had my DNR
                 Commissioner on board for one week, (and I've only been in office a couple of months) hence
                 we haven't had time to fully consider whether the move should have taken place in the first place
                 - and whether (or when) it should be considered to be moved back. He said I blew the
                 opportunity to change Murkowski's executive order on the move, so I "obviously am in line with
                 Murkowksi on this", and obviously am breaking a promise, and how could I not know if I'd veto
                 Gara's bill on this, or not? He didn't let up.




                 11/10/2009

                                                                                                                            PRA GSPO1_0000289
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

                                                                                                                   Page 2 of 3


                Then he jumped into Mixing Zones, saying it's so odd that I'm "consistent with Murkowski on that one,
                too". I did not know what he was talking about. I told him I do NOT support lessening the protections on
                our salmon spawning grounds - and that former DEC Commish. Ernesta Ballard's move with mixing
                zones was not something I could support and I've still not heard good reasons why she pushed for the
                mixing zones - Bob totally tripped me up by claiming my administration just testified in support of
                mixing zones, by testifying against Paul Seaton's bill that would have ensured more habitat protections.
                He said my staffer, Lynn (?), just testified on the bill this week, I believe. I repeated that I do NOT
                support lessening the restrictions that would result in dangers to the fish grounds - he didn't let up on that
                and made sure I knew he was recording me.

                 So, Bitney, (he says you know of the administration's testimony), I do need to know what went on with
                 any testimony this past week. I have not been informed of what is before the legislature on mixing
                 zones.

                 And before I talk to Bob in the future, I need to know what admin. has done on fish issues in the recent
                 past.

                 thank you

                 Meghan N Stapleton 4neghan stapleton@gov.state. ak. us> wrote:
                   Here are two numbers for Bob. A fast busy signal doesn't sound good.
                   Hopefully it's not one of the numbers listed below. Thank you.

                   Bob Tkacz
                   Correspondent,
                   Fishermen's News Magazine
                   Writer & Publisher,
                   Laws for the SEA
                   Office PH: 907-463-5455
                   Mobile: 01-907-723-4314
                   Email: junobob@att.net
                   416 Harris St., Suite 203
                   Juneau, AK 99801

                   ----- Original Message -----
                   From: Sarah Palin
                   Date: Sunday, February 18, 2007 6:16 pm
                   Subject: Re: Fwd: Interview/ Notes from interview with Tkacz
                   Meg..Please forward from your computer
                   To: Meghan N Stapleton

                   > meg - all i get is a fast busy trying to call Bob's #, but will
                   > keep trying.
                   > just fyi


                   > Governor,
                   > Bob Tkacz is expecting a quick phone interview with you this
                   > weekend. I did not commit to a time; I told him it was up to you
                   > whether it was Saturday or Sunday. He interviewed Commissioner
                   > Lloyd yesterday afternoon and Fish and Game has provided the


                  11/10/2009
                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0000290
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

                                                                                                              Page 3 of 3


                  > notes . Bob can be reached at 463-5455. He is not expecting more
                  > than 10 minutes and PLEASE DO NOT CALL FROM YOUR PERSONAL CELL
                  > PHONE! He will never leave you alone!

                  > Have a great weekend.
                  > Sharon




                 Expecting? Get great news right away with email Auto-Check.
                 Try the Yahoo! Mail Beta.




                  11/10/2009
                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0000291
