Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

                                                                                                                    Page 1 of 2


                 Unknown

                 From :      Sarah Palin [govpa!in@yahoo.com]
                 Sent:       Thursday, February 22, 2007 9:59 AM
                 To:         mike_tibb!es@gov.state. ak.us; John Bitney
                 Subject: Fwd: Thank you for your support!



                 Corey Rossi <adcman@alaska.com> wrote:

                   From: "Corey Rossi" <adcman@alaska.com>
                   To: <adcman@alaska.com>
                   Subject: Thank you for your support!
                   Date: Thu, 22 Feb 2007 09:17:44 -0900

                   To All:

                  Thank you for your gracious support of my efforts to serve as Alaska's
                  Commissioner of Fish and Game, as well as your later support for me becoming
                  Deputy Commissioner of Game. The overwhelming response from you and
                  hundreds of others was both flattering and humbling.

                  As you are all aware, I have said from the beginning, that if the Governor
                  desired to utilize my knowledge, skills, and abilities to assist with her
                  "abundance management" agenda, I would give her my very best effort.

                  While I would have been quite honored by the opportunity to see the Governor
                  's agenda through to fruition, the human dynamics of the selection process
                  simply didn't work out that way. As most have probably heard by now, two
                  long-time ADFG managers have been selected to fill the positions. The
                  Governor selected Denby Lloyd for Commissioner, and Lloyd later selected Ken
                  Taylor for Deputy Commissioner of Game. The Governor did not contact me
                  regarding these selections, but I am confident she and her advisors did what
                  they deemed best for the state and its fish and game resources.

                  I know that the choices made by the Governor and her staff are disappointing
                  to those who had hoped to see more immediate evidence of the positive
                  changes toward the management for abundance the Governor has promised.
                  Nevertheless, from the beginning, all have agreed to work diligently to
                  identify and correct the ADF&G policies associated with the failure to
                  maintain our big game populations. Given that the Governor's chosen
                  leadership now has that responsibility, our immediate task is to work
                  constructively with them to attain the common goals we share with the
                  Governor, even though the approach to success seems more difficult than many
                  would have prescribed.

                  All are aware of the Governor ' s commitment to changes at ADF&G. Now that
                  she has selected her leadership , perhaps all should postpone judgment until
                  they have had an opportunity to see what it is the new leadership is
                  proposing . Everyone is keenly aware that we will have yet another



                 11/10/2009

                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0000324
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

                                                                                                                 Page 2 of 2


                  vulnerable crop of calves and lambs coming within the next couple of months.
                  If the Governor's leaders are going to implement the sweeping changes for
                  which all are so hopeful, it will be quite evident within the next few
                  weeks.

                  Although our collective efforts have been taxing for all of us (and
                  personally trying for me), the "silver lining" for me is the affirmation
                  that the "Abundance Agenda" is alive and well in the hearts of Alaskans. In
                  making the wonderful acquaintance of all of you, I have come to realize that
                  this abundance vision (that the sportsmen and subsistence users hold so
                  dear) is far bigger than I or any other potential appointee. Your voices
                  have been heard, and I am more convinced than ever that this hope of a
                  return to Constitutional resource management will one day be realized,
                  though more likely because of your work than because my individual efforts.

                  Nonetheless, to the extent the Governor and ADF&G allow it, I will continue
                  to work in any way I can to assist with the implementation of the abundance
                  management vision. Unless the Governor proposes a more productive
                  alternative, any further efforts. on my part will come from my current
                  position with USDA's Wildlife Services Program.

                  Again, I thank you all! Your passion for your principles and your
                  commitment to constitutional management have been truly inspirational.

                  I apologize to any I may miss with this letter, but I only have email
                  addresses for the 200 or so individuals who contacted me directly. To
                  protect individual privacy, you have all been "blind cc'd" this
                  communication. Please convey my appreciation to those within your
                  acquaintance who were so supportive, yet may not receive this message
                  because I do not have their email address.

                   Sincerely, Corey Rossi




                 Food fight? Enjoy some healthy debate
                 in the Yahoo! Answers Food & Drink Q&A.




                  11/10/2009

                                                                                                                 PRA GSP01_0000325
