Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From:                     Anchorage Daily News [adn@nandomedia.com] on behalf of Palin [gov.sarah@yahoo.com]
              Sent:                     Thursday, February 22, 2007 7:37 AM
              To:                       Martha K Rutherford; Tom E Irwin; Meghan N Stapleton; Bruce F Anders; Balash; Joseph R
                                        (GOV); Sharon W Leighow
              Subject:                  Blocking economic development is not an honor


              The following adn.com article was sent by:



                   Palin (gov.sarah@yahoo.com)



              And Palin had this to say:



              Note Brennen 's VOT editorial.




              Blocking economic development is not an honor



              Published: February 22, 2007



             Alaska needs a new wildlife refuge like it needs a hole in

              the head. It already has 58 million acres of designated wilderness

              and another 90 million acres of parks , wildlife refuges,

             preserves and other conservation units.



             That's out of a total land area of about 365 million acres

              - approximately 41 percent of Alaska's land area is largely

              locked away in the hands of government agencies of one kind

             or another.



             The big rush is on by opponents of Pebble mine , who would

             do anything to block development of one of the world's largest

             mineral deposits and foreclose thousands of jobs the mine

             could generate. Many of those jobs would go to the people

                                                                      1




                                                                                                                PRA GSP01_0000326
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


              of Bristol Bay. Not those who visit in summer to fish; those

              who live in the area year - round.



              You can read the full story online at:



              http :// www.adn.com / opinion/voice / story / 8661397p - 8553139c.html




              This article is protected by copyright and should not be

              printed or distributed for anything except personal use.

              For information on reprinting this article or placing it

              on your web site , please contact the Daily News marketing

              department at (907 )      257-4429 or marketing@adn.com.




                                                                   2
