Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

                                                                                                                           Page 1 of 1



                  Unknown

                  From :     Kari Spencer [kari_spencer@gov.state.ak.us]
                  Sent:     Friday, February 23, 2007 2:22 PM
                  To:       Sarah Palin
                  Cc:       Michelle Fabrello
                  Subject: RE: book "Oh No! We're Gonna Die"

                Governor, how should we proceed with this request? Kari.


                From: Bob Bell [mailto:bbell@frbcmh.com]
                Sent : Thursday, February 22, 2007 1:26 PM
                To: govemor@gov.state.ak.us
                Subject : book "Oh No! We're Gonna Die"

                Governor Palin: I would like to ask a small favor. When we met at the Alliance annual meeting you said you were
                about done with my book and would pass in on to your dad. We are planning a second printing and I would really
                appreciate a squib from you . A squib is just a brief comment on the book that we put on the inside flap of the
                cover. An example is Rick Mystrom 's squib " Few Alaskans have more outdoor experiences and tales to tell than
                Bob Bell . He lives the Alaska that many just dream about and now he is sharing them with others in a fun
                adventure-filled book". If you are willing to do a squib I might suggest something like "As the governor of Alaska I
                travel throughout the state . Therefore I have visited many of the places and met many of the people in Bob's
                book. His fun and adventure filled stories do these people and places justice and reflect the sprit of Alaska." This
                is just a suggestion . If you want write anything you feel is appropriate . I look forward to serving on the game board
                and if I can help in any way on the gasoline let me know. Bob




               8/26/2009

                                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0000330
