Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

                                                                                                                       Page 1 of 2


                   Unknown

                   From:     Michelle Fabrello [michelle fabrello@gov.state.ak.us)
                   Sent:     Wednesday, February 28, 2007 4:43 PM
                   To:       Spencer; Karl L (GOV); Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); 'Todd Palin'; 'Sarah Palin'
                   Cc:       Stepovich; Melissa M (GOV)
                    Subject: RE: Commissioner Bishop's father in-law
                   I'll do a condolence letter for the Governor to sign.


                  From: Kari Spencer [mailto:kari_spencer@gov.state.ak.us]
                  Sent: Wednesday, February 28, 2007 4:40 PM
                  To: 'Kris Perry'; 'Michelle Fabrello'; Todd Palin; 'Sarah Palin'
                  Cc: 'Melissa M. Stepovich '
                  Subject: FW: Commissioner Bishop's father in-law

                  The attached obituary is Click Bishop's father-in-law and Melissa Stepovich sent flowers from the
                  Governor and First Gentleman . Thanks Melissa! Karl.

                   Karl Spencer
                   Governor's Scheduler
                   907-465-3986 phone; 907-465-3889 fax

                  From : Melissa M. Stepovich [mailto: melissa_stepovich@gov.state.ak.us]
                  Sent: Wednesday, February 28, 2007 4:10 PM
                  To: Karl L Spencer; Michelle A Fabrello
                  Subject: Commissioner Bishop's father in-law


                  William T. Taylor

                  William Thomas Taylor, 77, passed away at home into the arms of Jesus on Friday, Feb. 23,
                  2007.

                  Bill was born in Kinston, N.C. on Oct. 1, 1929, to Kate Smith Taylor and Guy Taylor.

                  Growing up in tough times without a father, he learned to fish and hunt to help feed his family.

                  Bill's mother gave permission for him to. join the Army at 17 to serve in the 82nd Airborne
                  Paratrooper Division. After basic, he switched places with another soldier once he learned that
                  every other person was being sent to Japan, so he could come to Alaska in a combat rifle team.

                  Alaska was not as sweet as he thought it would be and he had his mother write the territorial
                  governor to get him out of here. But it didn't take long for him to take a liking to Alaska. When
                  he was discharged in 1949 in Montana, he used his $600 separation check to return to Alaska.
                  Bill loved Alaska and its people.

                  In the early days, Bill used a dog team as transportation around Fairbanks. He worked at the base
                  power plant, as a cab owner-operator, fought forest fires, delivered coal for Johnny's Express,
                  and joined Teamsters Local 959 around 1959. He worked for Green Construction Co. for many
                  years and retired from the Teamsters in 1978.



                   11/10/2009

                                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0000375
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com
                                                                                                                 Page 2 of 2


                  Bill's passion was his family, but his other loves were fishing and dog mushing on the Yukon and
                  Tanana rivers.

                  The family subsistence and commercial fished in Rampart and Manley Hot Springs. Eventually they
                  built a fish processing plant in Manley Hot Springs, Yutana Fisheries.

                  In the 1960s Bill put together a team for sprint racing. He won many races but was proudest of winning
                  the Open North American in Fairbanks in 1968. Bill died on the opening day of the Anchorage Fur
                  Rendezvous. His son, Ricky, was to compete in that race for the first time.

                  Bill was preceded in death by his beloved wife, Ann Evans Taylor; siblings, Edward, Frank, Rosa and
                  Fred; and sons, Billy and Jimmy.

                  He is survived by his children from his first wife, Edna: Donna El-Amin of Anchorage, Linda Taylor of
                  Houston, Texas, and Michael Paquette of Fairbanks; his daughter, Doris Marie Lee of New Bern, N.C.,
                  his children with wife Ann, all of Fairbanks, Darlene and Click Bishop, Greg and Monica Taylor, Ricky
                  Taylor and Sandra Taylor; mother of two grandchildren, Karen Shafford; grandchildren, Stephanie,
                  James, Ashley, Candace, Cassandra, Cleveland, Todd and Aaron Gates, Lori Bishop and Paul Brinkman,
                  Lisa Bishop, Marina, Alex, Hanna, Brooke and Christian; great-grandchildren, Taylor, Kadence and
                  Isaiah; siblings, Guy Taylor of Kinston and Susie Harper of Nashville, N. C.; sister-in-law, Doris Taylor
                  of Kinston; and sisters and brother-in-law, Ethel and Richard Smith, Paula Evans, and Elaine Long, all
                  of Fairbanks.

                  Visitation will be at David Salmon Tribal Hall on Thursday, March 1, at noon. A memorial service will
                  follow at 1 p.m. A potluck at the hall will start at 5:30 p.m. Please bring memories to share.

                  Arrangements were by Fairbanks Funeral Home and Crematory.

                    x   2007 Yukon Quest




                   11/10/2009

                                                                                                                PRA GSP01_0000376
