Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

                                                                                                                      Page 1 of 2


                  Unknown
                  From :    John Katz [jwkatz@ALASKADC.orgj
                  Sent:     Thursday, March 01, 2007 5:37 AM
                  To:       Ed Fogels; Tom Irwin; Denby Lloyd
                  Cc:       Chip Abernathy; Sue Aspelund; Richard Mylius; Marty Rutherford ; Governor Sarah Palin ; Balash, Joseph R (GOV); Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Nizich, Michael A (GOV); talis_colberg @law.state.ak.us
                  Subject : Governor's Meeting with Deputy Secretary Scarlett/Brief Summary
                  Below is a brief summary of the issues discussed in Governor Palin's recent
                  meeting with Deputy Secretary of the Interior Lynn Scarlett:


                         Natural Gas Pipeline - Marty outlined the essential components of AGIA.
                          The Deputy Secretary was interested, but there was general recognition
                           that Interior's authority is limited to granting a right-of-way for the gas
                           pipeline.
                         State's Energy Education Campaign - We outlined the major elements of
                           our draft energy education campaign, emphasizing the message that
                          Alaska is ready and willing to provide secure domestic supplies of oil and
                          natural gas to the nation. There was agreement that the State and DOI
                           should work together as specific issues arise , such as ANWR, NPR-A, and
                          OCS development.
                         Endangered Species Act/Polar Bears - We outlined the State's concerns
                          with the existing database, the reliability of computer models, and
                          possible impacts on human activity. There was discussion of climate
                          change as a predicate for ESA listings. The Deputy Secretary was very
                          much aware of the polar bear issue. She indicated that the USGS will
                          work with the USFWS to assess the adequacy of data and methodology.
                          Subsistence Use - While indicating that some progress has been made,
                          we outlined the State's concerns with the decision making process of the
                          Federal Subsistence Board and said that the Board has failed to meet
                          Secretarial deadlines for reviewing and modifying its decisional
                          processes. The Deputy Secretary said that the analysis of customary
                          trade had been slowed by pending litigation (which DOI will be
                          discussing further with the Justice Department), that the closure
                          regulations are almost complete, and that the internal review of FSB
                          procedures continues.
                         King Cove Road - The Deputy Secretary was very familiar with this
                          issue . We thanked her for her previous involvement. It is expected that
                          the USFWS will support the land exchange in the event of future
                          Congressional hearings.
                         State and Native Land Conveyance Process - We expressed concern that
                          final entitlements will not be fulfilled by the deadline in the 2009
                          legislation and that funding cuts in the President's budget will retard the
                          process. The Deputy Secretary said that land transfers should be
                          completed relatively soon after 2009, with surveys some time thereafter.

                 Please let me know if you have any questions or comments.



                 11/10/2009

                                                                                                                    PRA_GSPOI_0000415
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

                                                                                                        Page 2 of 2



                 Please note that my email address has changed. My new email address is
                 jwkatzna.alaskadc.org. Thank you .




                 11/10/2009

                                                                                                      PRA_GSP01 _0000416
