Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

                                                                                                                   Page 1 of 1


                  Unknown

                   From :   John Katz [jwkatz@ALASKADC.org]
                   Sent:    Friday, March 02, 2007 6:02 AM
                   To:      Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored)
                   Cc:      Rutherford; Martha K (DNR); Spencer; Kari L (GOV); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
                   Subject: Gas PipelineNice President
                   As follow-up to your DC trip, I would recommend that you request a telephone
                   call with Vice President Cheney for next week to outline AGIA and to discuss
                   your gas pipeline meetings with Chairman Kelliher, Secretary Bodman, etc.

                   As we have discussed, the Vice President has the lead for the Bush
                   administration on most energy issues. I think we made substantial progress
                   with FERC and DOE. However, for this to manifest itself in beneficial ways, I
                   believe the Vice President must be onboard. This is particularly true with
                   respect to our approach, which does not favor the producers but treats all
                   potential applicants equally.

                   I think we can expect that the call would last no more than 15 to 20 minutes
                   and would be between you and him alone. If a call makes sense, I can do
                   some advance work with his energy staff whom I know pretty well.

                   On a related matter, I have suggested to Mike Tibbles that we convene an
                   internal teleconference of appropriate State people to review the DC situation
                   and to confirm messaging and strategy for the future, including both Congress
                   and the federal executive agencies.

                   We very much enjoyed working with you and Mike this week.


                  Please note that my email address has changed. My new email address is
                  jwkatz@alaskadc.org. Thank you .




                  11/10/2009

                                                                                                                 PRA_GSP01_0000437
