Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

                                                                                                                                Page 1 of 2


                   Unknown

                    From :     Meghan Stapleton [meghan_stapleton @gov.state .ak.us]
                    Sent:      Friday, March 02, 2007 1:21 PM
                    To:       'Sarah Palin'; 'Tom Irwin'; 'Patrick Galvin'; marry_ rutherford @dnr.state . ak.us; ' Bruce Anders'; Balash;
                              Joseph R (GOV)
                    Cc:      Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Stapleton; Meghan N (GOV)
                    Subject: FW: Senators Stedman, Huggins to Promote Alaska Gas Line in Nation's Capital
                   Just an FYI. And good comments from Huggins re: DC trip. I know Joe Balash is heading
                   back to Energy Council and will speak about AGIA for roughly 10 minutes, I believe.

                   Thanks,
                   Meghan



                   Meghan N . Stapleton
                   Communications Director
                   Office of Governor Sarah Palin
                   907.269.7450 0
                   907.269.7463 f
                   907.321.4975 c


                   From: Jeff Turner [mailto:Jeff_Turner@ legis.state.ak.us]
                   Sent: Friday, March 02, 2007 12:25 PM
                   Subject: Senators Stedman, Huggins to Promote Alaska Gas Line In Nation 's Capital

                   For Immediate Release : March 2, 2007

                       Senators Stedman, Huggins to Promote Alaska Gas
                                    Line in Nation 's Capital
                          Discussion with Vice President 's Staff, FERC Commissioners Planned


                   (JUNEAU) - Senate Finance Committee members Sen. Charlie Huggins (R - Rural Mat-
                   Su/Chugiak) and Sen. Bert Stedman (R - Sitka) are traveling to Washington D.C. this weekend
                   to attend the Energy Council meeting . Their mission next week is to discuss Gov . Sarah Palin's
                   Alaska Gasline Inducement Act (AGIA) and other Alaska energy issues with state and national
                   leaders. Energy Council is a group of state lawmakers from energy producing states that come
                   together to discuss and promote energy issues in the nation ' s capital.

                   The event brings Stedman and Huggins together for a series of meetings with the Vice-
                   President's Deputy Assistant for Domestic Energy Policy, Federal Energy and Regulatory
                   Commission (FERC) Commissioners, members of the Senate Energy and Natural Resources
                   Committee, and Alaska's Congressional Delegation.

                   "Governor Palin's trip to Washington last week to discuss her AGIA was a success," said
                   Huggins. "Energy Council is the perfect way to follow up and reinforce her positive message that
                   Alaska is ready to negotiate with companies interested in building a gas pipeline."

                   "Now that Governor Paln has released her Alaska Gasline Inducement Act, our gasline tops the



                    11/10/2009

                                                                                                                               PRA GSP01_0000441
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

                                                                                                              Page 2 of 2


                  Energy Council agenda in Washington D.C.," said Stedman. "I look forward to working with the
                  national leaders who will help make Alaska 's gasline a reality."

                  Both senators will play a key role in reviewing the AGIA bill. Sen. Stedman co-chairs the Senate
                  Finance Committee and sits on the Resources Committee, while Sen. Huggins chairs the Senate
                  Resources Committee and sits on the Finance Committee.




                  11/10/2009

                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0000442
