Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

                                                                                                                          Page 1 of 3



                    Unknown
                    From:     Ivy Frye [Ivy_Frye@gov. state.ak.usi
                    Sent:     Friday, March 02, 2007 6:38 PM
                    To:       Theresa Nangle Obermeyer, Governor Sarah Palin ; Governor Sarah Palin
                    Cc:       Kris Perry; Mary Havens
                    Subject: RE: Dr. McLean, Alaska Bar Assn., & Alaska Permanent Fund Board

                  Theresa,

                  Pursuant to the Alaska Public Records Act, you will be provided a copy of Dr. McLean resume within 10 days.

                  I am aware you applied for the Bar Association , as did several other applicants . Dr. McLean proved to be the
                  best candidate to fill the vacancy on this particular board . I believe his community involvement , professional
                  experience , and open and objective views of the Alaska Bar and the Alaska judicial system made him my first
                  recommendation for Governor Palin's consideration . He does not have an agenda . He does not have any
                  preconceived ideas about the board . Dr. McLean comes in with an open mind, a passion for law, and a
                  willingness to serve the state of Alaska . I will let his resume speak for itself.

                  I sincerely appreciate your interest in serving the state of Alaska and the Bar Association . Governor Palin asked
                  that I convey her appreciation also. I look forward to continuing an open and positive dialogue with you.

                  Best regards,

                  Ivy Frye
                  Director, Boards and Commissions
                  Office of Governor Sarah Palin




                  From: Theresa Nangle Obermeyer [mailto:tobermeyer@gci.net]
                  Sent: Friday, March 02, 2007 2:38 PM
                  To: Governor Sarah Palin; Governor Sarah Palin
                  Cc: Ivy Frye; Kris Perry; Mary Havens
                  Subject: Fwd: Dr. McLean, Alaska Bar Assn., & Alaska Permanent Fund Board

                  Governor Palin:

                  I hope that you, Sarah, yourself have read my email" "Dr. McLen, Alaska Bar Assn., & Alaska
                  Permanent Fund Board." I am trying to help you. Only with the truth can you succeed.

                  May I receive Dr. McLean's vita? I assume he submitted one as part of his application for Board of
                  Governors, Alaska Bar Association. I believe anyone who serves in a public body like Board of
                  Governors Alaska Bar Association is open to public scrutiny. Please let me know if this request is a
                  problem.

                  Sincerely yours,

                  Theresa
                  (Contact information below.)

                  Begin forwarded message:



                  8/25/2009
                                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0000447
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

                                                                                                                   Page 2 of 3




                 From : Governor Sarah Palin <governorQ0gov.state.ak.us>
                 Date: March 2 , 2007 12:12:20 PM AKST
                 To: 'Theresa Nangle Obermeyer' <tobermeyerCcagci.net>
                 Subject: RE: Dr. McLean , Alaska Bar Assn ., & Alaska Permanent Fund Board

                 Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or information you
                 have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is unable to respond to each and
                 every email herself, your message has been received and is being reviewed by the appropriate staff
                 person
                 in this office who can best address your need, suggestion, or comment.

                 -----Original Message-----
                 From: Theresa Nangle Obermeyer [mailto :tobermeyer@ ci.net]
                 Sent: Thursday, March 01 , 2007 7:00 PM
                 To: Governor Sarah Palin; Governor Sarah Palin
                 Cc: Ivy Frye
                 Subject: Dr. McLean, Alaska Bar Assn., & Alaska Permanent Fund Board

                 Governor Palin c/o Ms. Frye:

                 I just left a voice mail when I checked your website and found that
                 you appointed Donald McLean, D.D.S. or D.M.D., to Alaska Bar
                 Association Board of Governors today. Please email of fax his vita.
                 I assume you know that I wrote you to ask that I be appointed. I
                 apologize that I cannot give you a big check. Can you imagine how
                 much money we have spent and the emotional effort that we have
                 expended, Sarah? I can tell you that I am very saddened that I feel
                 that we get no help at all. I do not observe per your "Governor
                 Palin Fills Board and Commissions":". . . their selfless efforts to
                 share their expertise and knowledge with the rest of the state." I
                 observe only those who are purveyors of the status quo getting any
                 appointments. Please make sure that I am "all wet."

                Do you really believe that my husband has flunked a three day essay
                test of minimal competency 31 times over a 23 year period and that he
                should have been denied reciprocity for 17 years? Tom and I know
                that ethical people do not take a person's money once without a
                thought of helping the person. If an attorney who is licensed in any
                of the about 25 states that have reciprocity with Alaska wants to be
                licensed here all he/she has to do is pay $1,000 and submit
                paperwork. My husband and I live here and should have at least as
                equal rights as those who have never landed on our soil. We have
                fewer. Alaska is owned by the 499/2,856 Alaska Active Out of State
                who are members of the most powerful law firms in the U.S. What
                about Alaska?

                I would have thought that there would have been articles this week
                about Commissioner Notti's appointment and the $37,250,500,000 pot of
                money that we own as Alaskans. The fact that very little if anything
                is written at any time in our media about Alaska Permanent Fund is a


                 8/25/2009
                                                                                                                  PRA_GSP01_0000448
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

                                                                                                                Page 3 of 3


                 profound example of the fact that Alaska is owned by interests
                 outside Alaska. There should be publicity constantly about it.
                 Please check http://www. apfboardconfirmation .org for 493 pages of
                 research about what Alaska Permanent Fund Board really does. I have
                 asked that Alaska Permanent Fund Board members' yearly APOC Financial
                 Disclosure Statements be posted online but to date APOC has not
                 decided to do this. That would be a step in the right direction.

                 I know that "Politics is the art of the possible." You, Governor
                 Palin, cannot change the world. I know you are doing your best but I
                 could have done a really good job on Board of Governors Alaska Bar
                 Association. I really am sad that you could not have seen your way
                 clear to appointing me. I did want to give you a check but I have
                 two sons in private medical schools and two other children in private
                 colleges. We spend any other money we have on Tom's effort to be
                 licensed to practice law in Alaska.

                 I hope to get Dr. McLean's resume tomorrow . I would like to know Dr.
                 McLean but I am tired of being the focus of everyone 's hatred just
                 because I tell the truth.

                 Sincerely yours,

                Theresa Nangle Obermeyer
                3000 Dartmouth Drive
                Anchorage, Alaska 99508-4413
                (907)278 -9455 Phone/Fax/Msg.
                http:///www.apfboardconfirmation.org
                http://www.tobermeyer.info




                 8/25/2009
                                                                                                               PRA_GSP01 _0000449
