Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

                                                                                                                           Page 1 of 2


                   Unknown
                   From :     Sarah Palin [govpalin @yahoo.com]
                   Sent:      Saturday, March 03, 2007 6:31 AM
                   To:        'mike tibbles@gov .state . ak.us'; ' Frank Bailey'; 'John Bitney'; Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
                   Cc:        Lloyd; Denby S (DFG)
                   Subject: Fwd: Taylor Made[1]
                   Mike or Frank - does anyone know how anyone could send an annonymous email from my old
                   personal account (palin@mtaonline.net) that I don't even use anymore... I did NOT send this
                   email.

                   Also, Mike(s), Privileged or Personal Material Redacted
                  Privileged or Pero

                   sarah <spalin@mtaonline.net> wrote:

                     From: "sarah" <spalin@mtaonline.net>
                     To: "sarah palin" <spalin@mtaonline.net>
                     CC: "John W. Bitney" ^ Privileged or Personal
                      Privileged or Perso
                     Subject: Taylor Made[1]
                     Date: Sat, 3 Mar 2007 05:50:57 -0900

                                Denby's Game Guy - "Taylor-made" for a Wildlife Disaster
                           . Mr. Taylor's ultimate claim to fame was his intense personal satisfaction with his
                             important role in moving Canadian wolves into Yellowstone National Park.

                           . At a conference in Homer with Deborah Williams' group (now known as the
                             Alaska Conservation Voters), Mr. Taylor recounted his efforts to aid the
                             restoration of wolves to Yellowstone National Park including the line, "I cried
                             when the wolves were released at Yellowstone". Very progressive, Ken! Now
                             every hunter in the whole country is crying over this unmitigated disaster.

                         . Mr. Taylor, an active liberal, was an enthusiastic supporter and campaigner for
                           Democrat Fran Ulmer's unsuccessful run for governor.

                         . In Fairbanks, from about'85 to'91 (or so) he had dismal performance. His
                            penchant for playing golf and chasing "the good life" sent him on the National and
                            International meetings circuit to the point that the Fairbanks staff referred to him
                            as "The Vacancy Factor".

                         . Mr. Taylor's tenure at Region III in Fairbanks followed a stint as one of the worst
                           area biologist's in corporate memory. He was assigned in Dillingham (Muichatna
                           Caribou herd, etc.) where he distinguished himself by never having any data for
                           the Board (or probably the Region) on population dynamics or changes. He
                           virtually sat in the chair and accomplished nothing.

                         . As the management coordinator in cahoots with Chris Smith (ultra greenie and
                           "anti" sympathizer), he made sure Bob Stevenson, one of arguably the best five


                   11/10/2009

                                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0000452
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

                                                                                                                 Page 2 of 2


                          wolf biologists in the world was taken out as the Department 's wolf expert and re-assigned
                          as an area biologist. The new wolf guy was a much better "yes" man.

                         Taylor was "responsible " for decisions during the Department's GMU 20A wolf control
                          efforts and could have easily avoided the confrontation with Gordon Haber, which put
                          Gordie on the evening news after the Dept. muffed efficiently killing a wolf in a snare
                          with the cameras rolling.

                         In the 1990s, Taylor worked for some time as the Deputy Director of the Division of
                           Wildlife Conservation under his CSU college buddy and longtime friend Wayne Reglin.
                           Among his notable achievements, he can be credited (at least in part) with the
                           Department's disastrous wolf sterilization program.

                         He was later appointed Director of Habitat under Tony Knowles and was at the helm
                          during the time they really got into trouble. There were eyewitness accounts of Habitat
                          staffers throwing pizza parties to celebrate their victories in shutting down
                          commercial/industrial endeavors. Murkowski subsequently moved Habitat to DNR to
                          neutralize the Division' s radical environmental gang's ability to stifle
                          industry/development.

                         Throughout his career, Taylor was uniformly known as a worthless supervisor by those he
                          supervised, except for the habitat folks whom he let do anything the regional Habitat
                          Supervisor wanted to do.



                  Be a PS3 game guru.
                  Get your game face on with the latest PS3 news and previews at Yahoo! Games.




                   11/10/2009

                                                                                                                PRA GSP01_0000453
