Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

                                                                                                                        Page 1 of 2


                  Unknown

                  From :     Meghan Stapleton [meghan stapleton@gov . state.ak.us]
                  Sent:      Monday, March 05, 2007 10:21 AM
                  To:        'Sarah Palin ; Irwin ; Tom E (DNR); Balash ; Joseph R (GOV); Rutherford ; Marty K (DNR)
                  Cc:        Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Anders; Bruce F (DNR)
                  Subject: RE: larry persily
                 The Governor needs the answers before the 11am editorial board meeting , in case she has
                 time to call in.

                 Thanks,
                 Meg

                 Meghan N. Stapleton
                 Communications Director
                 Office of Governor Sarah Palin
                 907.269.7450 0
                 907.269.7463 f
                 907.321.4975 c


                 From; Sarah Palin [mailto : govpalin @yahoo.com]
                 Sent: Monday, March 05, 2007 10:15 AM
                 To: Tom Irwin ; Joe Balash ; Marty Rutherford
                 Cc: mike_tibbles@gov. state.ak.us; Meghan N Stapleton; bruce_anders@dnr.state.ak.us
                 Subject: larry persily

                 Larry Persily writes that I believe PPT rate is too high, and that I want to change it... but just
                 haven't committed to a timeline to get around to changing it?

                 Does anyone know where he'd have received that information? I've never gone there. Larry
                 needs to be corrected, asap.

                Also, I' ve heard over and over that we don't have good answers to the following simple
                questions: What to do if producers won't commit to gas during first open season ? ("Throw a
                party and no one shows up?") (Especially if we don't have any intention of having to litigate.)
                AND - the other question : if the project's so economic, and producers don't need nor want the
                $500 million - then why are we "gifting" that, especially after I slammed Murk. for months for
                conceeding too much.

                I need just short, sweet, concise, accurate answers on both.
                thanks!

                 Tom Irwin <tom irwin@dn r. state. ak. us> wrote:
                 I Governor and everyone:

                  I suggest that In the first meeting, after we talk about the new energy in Alaska, we stress
                  that the Governor has established a fair, open process that could include the Canadian
                  route or the LNG route. We need to let them know that they could positively or
                  negativlely affect the economics of a Canadian route and consequently any benefit to
                  them. Also it is likely the successful applicant would be doing all or part of the
                  negotiations. We do have a good opportunity to set the foundation for their thinking and
                  a positive relationship.



                 11/10/2009

                                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0000473
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

                                                                                                                Page 2 of 2



                   Appreciate any and all comments so we can think about this more before the meeting . Thanks
                   Tom

                   -----Original Message-----
                   From: " Sarah Palin"
                   To: "Joe Balash " ; "Michael Tibbles " ; "John Bitney" ; "Kari Spencer" ; "Marty Rutherford" ;
                   tom_irwin@dnr.state.ak.us
                   Sent: 3/3/07 9:49 PM
                   Subject: Re: Fwd : RE: Yukon First Nation seeks own Alaska pipeline deal

                   Thanks so much Joe. And if they happen to still be there on Saturday , remember I'll be up in
                   Fairbanks that weekend if they wanted to meet then.


                   Joe Balash wrote:
                   Governor,

                   The request that came in from the White River First Nation came in with a date during your trip
                   to DC. As such, I made an offer to meet them in Fairbanks. The original date fell through and
                   now Commissioner Irwin and I will be meeting with them on Tuesday afternoon in Fairbanks.
                   The reason for that location is that they can drive there in just a few hours.

                   Joe


                   -----Original Message-----
                   From: Sarah Palin
                   To: Michael Tibbles; Joe Balash; John Bitney; Kari Spencer; Marty Rutherford; Tom Irwin
                   Sent: Sat Mar 03 12:58:23 2007
                   Subject: Fwd: RE: Yukon First Nation seeks own Alaska pipeline deal

                   FYI - I haven't heard anything about these meetings wtih Yukon First Nation




                 Looking for earth-friendly autos?
                 Browse Top Cars by "Green Rating " at Yahoo! Autos' Green Center.




                  11/10/2009

                                                                                                                PRA GSP01 _0000474
