Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From:                     Karl Spencer [kari_spencer©gov. state.ak.us]
             Sent:                     Monday, March 05, 2007 3:37 PM
             To:                       Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
             Cc:                       Cayce; Sunny C (GOV); Busch; Sharon K (GOV)
             Subject:                  RE: Other


             Dear Elissa:     Did you intend to send this request to the MAINE governor?

             Governor Sarah Palin is the ALASKA Governor. In any event, I am going to

             ask our press office staff to try and answer these questions as I believe

             the Governor has already answered similar questions in the past.



             Kari Spencer

            Alaska Governor's Scheduler

             907-465-3986 phone; 907-465-3889 fax




             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state..ak.us {mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

             Sent: Thursday, February 22, 2007 7:27 PM

            To: governor@gov.state.ak.us

             Subject: Other



            Web mail from: Ms. Elissa Newton

            address: Earlham College #1371 Richmond IN 47374



            MESSAGE:

            Greetings Governor,

            Greetings Governor Palin,



            Please allow me to introduce myself. My name is Elissa Newton and I'm a

            senior undergraduate student at

            Earlham College in Richmond, Indiana. I realize that I'm not a Maine

            resident however I was hoping that

            you would be able to help me by taking a few minutes from your day. I'm a

                                                                    1




                                                                                                              PRA_GSP01_0000480
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



             Politics major completing my

             senior thesis on women in elected offices and why the percentage is not

             proportional to the American

             population.      I've developed a few survey questions that I'm sending to

             elected women as I can .          However,

             I'm running into difficulties considering House of Representative members

             are not permitted to respond to

             letters not from their constituents.              Your personalized responses would

             greatly enhance the quality of my

             research and understanding of this subject which I have a great deal of

             interest in.      If you could

             respond by Friday March 23, I would greatly appreciate it. Thank you for

             taking time out of your busy

             schedule.

             Sincerely,

             Elissa Newton



             Interview Questionnaire



             1.   From the moment you wake up to the moment you go to sleep at night, what

             does your typical daily

             schedule look like? (e.g.: Gam wake up, 7:30am leave for work, etc)



             2.      Did you/ do you feel support from your spouse and friends in your

             decision to become a

             Congresswoman?      How did they encourage or discourage you?



             3.      Y/N Do you consider yourself a Feminist, in whatever interpretation

             you have of that term?



             4.      Do you think the lives of the general public, for which you

             represent , would be improved if there

             were more women in elected politics? Why or why not?



                                                                       2
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             5.      What changes do you feel need to occur to enable more women to get

              into elected politics ?          ( e.g.:

             better education , campaign financing , American attitude)



             6.      In what way ,   if any, does your gender help or hinder you in your

             career?



             7.      Do you see women as at a disadvantage? Who do you see as the most

             disadvantaged? ( e.g.: women,

             racial minorities, homosexuals)



             8.      On a scale of 1-10         ( 10 being the highest), how important is this

              issue to you?



             9.      Would you like your name to be kept confidential?



             10.     Any additional comments?



             Thank you again!




             newtoel@earlham.edu




                                                                      3




                                                                                                                 PRA GSP01_0000482
