Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                    Governor Sarah Palin [governor@gov.state. ak.us]
             Sent:                     Tuesday, March 06, 2007 2:42 PM
             To:                       rmoe@asrc.com
             Subject:                  RE: Other


             Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
             information you

             have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is unable to respond
             to each and

             every email herself, your message has been received and is being reviewed by the
             appropriate staff person

             in this office who can best address your need, suggestion, or comment.



             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

            Sent: Monday, March 05, 2007 5:21 PM

            To: governor@gov.state.ak.us

            Subject: Other



            Web mail from: Mr. Roxanna Moe, PHR

            address: 3900 C Street, Suite 201 Anchorage AK 99503



            MESSAGE:

            Honorable Ms. Palin; Good afternoon I'm Roxanna Moe, Director Employee Training &
            Development Services

            for ASRC Service Center, Inc. located in Anchorage - we would enjoy a meeting session to
            discuss

            Workforce Development; our initiative within our corporate office is to have fully trained
            personnel and

            talent to meet our business demands not only in Oil & Gas but also in our professional and
            administrative

            operations.     A recent article regarding your husband's interest in workforce readiness
            caught my

            attention; and our office would enjoy meeting with Mr. Palin; his oil field and pipeline
            exposure would

            be a great baseline to kick off a cooperative future plan to help our residents of Alaska.
            Ms. Palin, I

            would appreciate your help in notifying your husband Todd, we are eager to introduce
            ourselves and hope


                                                                     1




                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0000499
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



            would too.     Have a wonderful week.

            With Regards , Roxanna Moe, PHR

            ASRC Service Center, Inc.

            HUMAN RESOURCES DEPARTMENT



            rmoe@asrc.com

            PLEASE ADD TO E-NEWS




                                                               2
