Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

                                                                                                                                    Page 1 of 2


                 Unknown
                 From :     Sarah Palin [gov.sarah@yahoo.com]
                 Sent:    Thursday, March 08 , 2007 1:27 PM
                 To:       Frye; Ivy J (GOV); Meghan N Stapleton ; Michael A Nizich
                 Cc:       Michael A Tibbles; Sharon W Leighow
                 Subject RE: Press Release : Governor Palin Fills Vacancy on Board of Fisheries
                 meg- try this:
                 Larry understands the complexities of interpretting F & G regulations, as was evidenced by his
                 having to pay a fine for a timing violation on the water.

                 (and humorously, its the sign of a true SE fisherman - he's got a small violation on his record
                 now, some true fishermen would say)

                As Larry evidently disclosed in the attached email from Ivy - he wasn't even on the water when
                the violation occurred, but he owned the pot so he owned up to the mistake.


                Ivy Frye <i'vyJrye@gov state.akus> wrote:

                  Yes. This was discussed in our meetings with the above mentioned and Commissioner Lloyd.
                  He disclosed it in his cover letter.

                  "In the summer of 2006, I owned a king crab pot that was involved in a
                  misdemeanor violation (set hours too early). Another individual was
                  authorized to set or retrieve my pot under his own permit. I was not
                  present for the violation, but was the owner of the pot and received a
                  ticket which I paid."


                  From Meghan Stapleton [mailto:meghan_stapieton@gov.state .ak.us]
                  Sent: Thursday, March 08, 2007 12:10 PM
                  To: 'Ivy Frye'; 'Nizich, Michael A (GOV)'
                  Cc: 'Michael Tibblee;'Sharon Leighow'; meghan_stapleton@govstate.ak.us
                  Subject: FW: Press Release: Governor Patin Fills Vacancy on Board of Fisheries

                  Please tell me no . Read below.



                  Meghan N . Stapleton
                  Communications Director
                  Office of Governor Sarah Palln
                  907.269.7450 0
                  907.269.7463 f
                  907.321.4975 c

                  From: Sharon Busch [mallo :sharon_busch@gov.state.ak.us]
                  Sent: Thursday, March 08, 2007 12:08 PM
                  To: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); 'Meghan Stapleton'
                  Subject: FW: Press Release: Governor Palin Fills Vacancy on Board of Fisheries




                  From. Toomey, Sheila [mailto:SToomey@adn.com]
                  Sent: Thursday, March 08, 2007 12:04 PM
                  To: Sharon Busch
                  Subject: RE: Press Release: Governor Palin Fills Vacancy on Board of Fisheries

                  Sharon: Is this the Larry Edfelt who was cited last year for a fishing violation , ABWE Troopers ini
                  Juneau, fishing for crab during a closed season ? I haven't checked the court computer file yet
                  so don 't know how it came out. Looks like he put his pot in 2-3 hours before season opened,
                  personal use , fined $200 , crab seized . Age 63 so looks like the some guy.

                  No big deal but maybe earish.
                  Regards, Sheila


                          -----Original Message-----
                          From: Sharon Busch [mailto:sharon_busch@gov.state.ak.us]
                          Sent: Thursday, March 08, 2007 11:17 AM
                          To: GOV - PRESS RELEASE DISTRIBUTION




                 11/10/2009

                                                                                                                                  PRA_GSP01 _0000531
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

                                                                                                                                        Page 2 of 2


                       Subject: Press Release: Governor Palin Fills Vacancy on Board of Fisheries




                       FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE                                                        07-049

                                                          Governor Palin Fills Vacancy on Board of Fisheries


                       March 8, 2007 , Juneau , AK - Governor Palin today announced the appointment of Juneau . resident, Larry Edfelt, to the
                       Alaska Board of Fisheries . Edfelt previously served on the board from 1992-1997.

                       "I am honored that someone of Larry's stature and experience has agreed to come back and serve the state again on
                       this Important board ," said Governor Pal!n. "He 's familiar with Alaska fisheries from a number of vantage points. His
                       vision and temperament are just what this board needs."

                       Edfelt retired from the Alaska Department of Fish and Game in 1986 , after a distinguished 23-year career . He served
                       as a fisheries biologist, Deputy Director of Commercial Fisheries , and Assistant Executive Director of the Boards of
                       Fisheries and Game before his retirement . He has also worked as a charter boat owner and operator . Edfelt Is well
                       known around Alaska for his humorous columns published In the Juneau Empire and the Anchorage Daily News.

                       The seven members of the Alaska Board of Fisheries are appointed by the Governor , subject to legislative confirmation,
                       to conserve and develop the fishery resources of the state . This Involves setting seasons , bag limits, methods and
                       means for the state 's subsistence, commercial , sport, guided sport, and personal use fisheries, and it also Involves
                       setting policy and direction for the management of the state's fishery resources . The board is charged with making
                       allocative decisions , while the Department of Fish and Game is responsible for management based on those decisions.

                       Edfelt will participate as a voting member at the Board 's next meeting , from March 9th to March 13th I n Anchorage,
                       during which the board will take up statewide finfish and supplemental issues . If confirmed by the Legislature, Edfelt
                       will fill the seat vacated by Rupe Andrews of Juneau , who resigned last month.

                                                                                       ###


                       Sharon Busch
                       Office of the Governor
                       Executive Secretary for Press & Communications
                       Phone: 907-465-4031




                Sucker-punch seam with award-winning protection.
                Fry the free Yahoo! Mail Beta.




                 11/10/2009

                                                                                                                                      P RA_GS P01 _0000532
