Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                             Page 1 of I



             Unknown

             From :    John Katz [jwkatzc ALASKADC.org]
             Sent:     Tuesday, April 10, 2007 12:19 PM
             To:       Governor Sarah Palin
             Cc:       Kari Spencer; Meghan Stapleton ; Michael Tibbles; Mike Nizich
             Subject: Senator Stevens/Congratulatory Letter


           In view of the attached article from Congressional Quarterly, I thought that you
           might want to write a short congratulatory note to Senator Stevens. So, I've drafted
           the following for your consideration:


                         Dear Senator Stevens,

                         I read with interest the Congressional Quarterly article about your
                         longevity in the US Senate. Congratulations on becoming the longest-
                         serving Republican Senator in the history of the Senate and on your
                         status as the seventh longest serving Senator ever.

                         Your longevity is admirable on its own merits, but what you have done
                         with that tenure is even more impressive. Your mastery of a broad
                         spectrum of issues and your important leadership role in the Senate have
                         greatly benefitted the people of Alaska and the nation. Alaska is a much
                         finer place because of your almost 13,990 days in the Senate.

                         I look forward to continuing our work together in behalf of the people of
                         Alaska and to learning from your fine example of dedicated public
                         service.

                         Sincerely,


           Governor, I hope you' re doing well . We haven't talked in a while, but I think things
           are going pretty well on the DC front.


           Please note that my email address has changed. My new email address is
           jwkatzl&alaskadc.org. Thank you .




           8/24/2009
                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01_0000988
