Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                               Page 1 of 1



             Unknown
             From :       John Katz Cjwkatzti' ALASKADC.org]
                                           cfl
             Sent:        Tuesday, April 10, 2007 12:19 PM
             To:          Governor Sarah Palin
             Cc:          Kari Spencer; Meghan Stapleton; Mike Nizich; Michael Tibbles
             Subject:     Senator Stevens/Congratulatory Letter
             Attachments : CQ TODAY - Senator Stevens 13,990th Day.doc


            In view of the attached article from Congressional Quarterly, I thought that you might
            want to write a short congratulatory note to Senator Stevens. So, I've drafted the following
            for your consideration:


                        Dear Senator Stevens,

                        I read with interest the Congressional Quarterly article about your longevity in
                        the US Senate. Congratulations on becoming the longest-serving Republican
                        Senator in the history of the Senate and on your status as the seventh longest
                        serving Senator ever.

                        Your longevity is admirable on its own merits, but what you have done with that
                        tenure is even more impressive. Your mastery of a broad spectrum of issues
                        and your important leadership role in the Senate have greatly benefitted the
                        people of Alaska and the nation. Alaska is a much finer place because of your
                        almost 13,990 days in the Senate.

                        I look forward to continuing our work together in behalf of the people of Alaska
                        and to learning from your fine example of dedicated public service.

                        Sincerely,


           Governor, I hope you're doing well. We haven't talked in a while, but I think things are
           going pretty well on the DC front.


           Please note that my email address has changed . My new email address is
           jwkatzQa.alaskadc.org. Thank you.




           8/24/2009
                                                                                                               PRA_GSP01_0000989
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                  CQ TODAY - CONGRESSIONAL AFFAIRS
                  April 9, 2007 - 8:00 p.m.
                  Stevens on His Way to Setting Senate GOP Record; Thurmond Holds
                  Current Mark

                  Alaska Sen. Ted Stevens will reach a milestone this week by becoming the
                  longest-serving Republican senator in history. '

                  Stevens, who was appointed to the Senate in December 1968, will pass the
                  record set by South Carolina Republican Strom Thurmond (1954-56, 1956-
                  2003), initially a Democrat who switched to the Republican Party in September
                  1964.

                  April 13 will mark Stevens' 13,990th day as a senator. Thurmond served
                  13,989 days as a Republican senator.

                  Stevens, 83, ranks seventh overall in all-time Senate seniority, and his tenure
                  has overlapped with that of each of the six senators who are ahead of him.
                  Three of the six serve now. First among them is Robert C. Byrd, D-W.Va., the
                  longest-serving senator ever and chairman of the Appropriations Committee,
                  which Stevens once chaired and on which he continues to serve. The other two
                  are also Democrats: Edward M. Kennedy of Massachusetts, who ranks third
                  overall; and fourth-ranking Daniel K. Inouye of Hawaii, who also sits on
                  Appropriations.

                  The other senators ahead of Stevens on the all -time Senate service list are Carl
                  Hayden of Arizona (1927-69) and John Stennis of Mississippi ( 1947-88).

                  Stevens would pass Stennis in February 2010, provided he wins re-election
                  next year. That seems like a safe bet, given Stevens' dominance of elections in a
                  state that re-elected him in 2002 with 78 percent of the vote. He is not expected
                  to face top-flight Democratic opposition next year.

                  Stevens ran unsuccessfully for the Senate twice. He was the Republican
                  nominee in 1962, losing to Democratic Sen. Ernest Gruening, and in 1968,
                  when he lost a Republican primary to Anchorage Mayor Elmer Ramuson.
                  Ramuson lost in November to Democrat Mike Gravel, who had beaten Gruening
                  in a primary and who is now a Democratic presidential candidate.

                  Stevens finally made it to the Senate later in 1968, when Republican Gov.
                  Walter J. Hickel appointed him to succeed Democratic Sen. E.L. Bartlett, who
                  died two weeks before Christmas. Stevens, whose Senate service began on
                  Christmas Eve 1968, was elected in 1970 to fill out the remaining two years of
                  the unexpired term, then won a full six-year term in 1972.

                  A version of this story originally appeared on CQPolitics. com.

                  Source: CQ Today




                                                                                                        PRA GSP01_0000990
