Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Unknown
        From :                    Mike Tibbles [mike tibbles@gov . state. ak.usj
        Sent:                     Friday, April 13, 2007 11:20 AM
        To:                       gov. sarah@yahoo.com
        Subject :                 RE: Revenue sharing media event


        I understand and we can be supportive in a positive fashion as you say. Do you want to
        fly up to a press event with the Mayor? I would rather spend the time scheduling a
        cabinet meting with our own press event at the start (signing employer support for the
        guard and reserve and maybe the workforce training message or signing the pipeline
        integrity administrative order.



       Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




       Privileged or Personal Material Reda .   Let me know            I am off    base .   Thanks.



        Mike



        -----Original Message-----

        From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]

        Sent: Friday, April 13, 2007 11:11 AM

        To: Michael A Tibbles

        Cc: Meghan N Stapleton; John W Bitney; Sharon W Leighow

        Subject: Re: Revenue sharing media event



        I already told him I'd participate by sending a positive msg to leg reminding them of my
        campaign promise to restore the funding. I'm not going to back away from two committments
        now - one to voters and the recent one to the mayors. Remember all were in agreement last
        wk that I hustle up and call Begich and we knew what he was going to ask and we knew that
        I'm 100prcnt supportive of smaller state budgets via trickling down revenue into the
        communities.




        -----Original Message-----

        From: Mike Tibbles <mike tibbles@gov.state.ak.us>

        Date: Fri, 13 Apr 2007 11:04:29

        To:'Sarah Palin' <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

        Cc:'Meghan Stapleton' <meghan_stapleton@gov.state.ak.us>,'John Bitney'
        <john bitney@gov.state.ak.us>


                                                                   1



                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0001049
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Subject: RE: Revenue sharing media event



        Governor,




        Last night the Senate Finance Committee removed the municipal assistance money we included
        in our budget. At this point in the public process, it appears as if the House and the
        Senate have removed the money and there is no chance of it passing. Generally, if you do
        not have a budget item in at least one body, you can not bring it up at the operating
        budget conference committee to be resolved.




          However, all is not lost here. Senator Hoffman mentioned to us that the money would
        eventually come out of the operating budget and municipal assistance would be addressed in
        the capital budget. There is a lot of focus on the retirement costs and I am getting the
        sense that with the substantial increase in school funding and local government assistance
         (hundreds of millions of new dollars for local governments) that the additional $48
        million will not pass.




        There is a concern in the Legislature that we have local governments that are not PERS
        members and therefore will not see any additional increase. Sen. Hoffman's plan is to
        address this in the capital budget by granting those communities that will not get
        additional retirement dollars new funds for municipal assistance.  All should be well in
        the end.




       The Mayor of Anchorage would still like you to participate in a press event and stand by
       your budget.  Their request is to tackle the retirement costs and the municipal assistance
       issues separately.  We acknowledged that they are two separate issues and we need to
       continue to be supportive of our budget. However, the process is still moving forward, we
       are very engaged with leadership daily reminding them of our priorities and working with
       them to find solutions. We do have indications that some form of municipal assistance and
       increased municipal retirement costs will be funded.   rivileged or Personal Material Redacte
       Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




    Privileged or Personal Material Redacted



                                                         2



                                                                                                     PRA_GSP01 0001050
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



     Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




       Any thoughts?




       Mike Tibbles




       From: Meghan Stapleton [mailto:meghan_stapleton@gov.state.ak.us]

         Sent: Friday, April 13, 2007 8:46 AM

         To: 'Michael A Tibbles'

         Subject: FW: Revenue sharing media event




       I called and left a message with Janice - I was on the phone with Sharon working through
       the 9am as well. Am available, but we need to have Governor in to either call, meet, or
       participate.




       Meghan N . Stapleton



       Communications Director




                                                       3



                                                                                                   PRA_GSP01_0001051
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




       Office of Governor Sarah Palin



        907.269.7450 o



       907.269.7463 f



       907.321.4975 c




       From: Ramseur, David S. [mailto:RamseurDS@ci.anchorage.ak.us]

         Sent: Friday, April 13, 2007 8:06 AM

        To: Meghan Stapleton

        Cc: Hasquet, Julie M.

        Subject: RE: Revenue sharing media event




       Meg:



       I just heard this morning that Senate Finance dropped revenue sharing from their budget
       last night so it's not in either version of the budget. So it's even more important now
       that we do something sooner than later. Please let us know the governor's availability and
       we can start collecting mayors.




       From: Meghan Stapleton [mailto:meghan_stapleton@gov.state.ak.us]

        Sent: Wednesday, April 11, 2007 2:59 PM
                                                      4



                                                                                                  PRA_GSP01_0001052
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         To: Ramseur, David S.

         Cc: Hasquet, Julie M.

         Subject: RE: Revenue sharing media event




       The Governor is obviously very much on board - just trying to figure out a day. We're
       hoping to get her to Anchorage on Wednesday, but I will let you know soon.




       Meghan N. Stapleton



       Communications Director



       Office of Governor Sarah Palin



       907.269.7450 o



       907.269.7463 f



       907.321.4975 c




       From: Ramseur, David S. [mailto:RamseurDS@ci.anchorage.ak.us)


                                                     5



                                                                                                 PRA GSP01_0001053
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Sent: Tuesday,     April 10,   2007 3:42 PM

         To: meghan_stapleton @ gov.state.ak.us

         Cc: Hasquet , Julie M.

         Subject: Revenue sharing media event




       Meg:




       As you probably know, the Senate is holding budget public hearings this week - Begich will
       testify tomorrow.



       We understand revenue sharing may not stay in Senate budget, and it's already out of the
       House budget. So we'd now recommend a press conference with mayors and the governor. Our
       proposal: ideally if governor is in Anchorage next week, collect the mayors in your office
       for a statewide news conference to bang the drum for revenue sharing.



       If she's not planning to be here, we'd suggest a video-teleconference, with her in Juneau
       and other mayors from around the state gathered here. As she suggested to Begich, we
       believe we can get a fair number of Mat-Su and Kenai mayors.



       Message: mayors support governor on revenue sharing, must have from Legislature.



       Can you please run that up the flagpole?



       David




                                                             6



                                                                                                          PRA_GSP01 _0001054
