Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Unknown
        From:                     Governor Sarah Palin [governor@gov. state. ak. us]
        Sent:                     Tuesday, April 17, 2007 11:50 AM
        To:                       ben.petersdorff@wainwright.army.mil
        Subject :                 RE: Other


        Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
        information you

        have sent are important and valuable to the Governor .                  Although she is unable to respond
        to each and

        every email herself, your message has been received and is being reviewed by the
        appropriate staff person

        in this office who can best address your need, suggestion, or comment.



        -----Original Message-----

        From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us tmailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

        Sent: Monday, April 16, 2007 10:59 AM

        To: governoregov.state.ak.us

        Subject: Other



        Web mail from: Mr. Ben Petersdorff

        address :   3194 Brookview Lane North Pole AK 99705



        MESSAGE:

        Governor . 1 am not sure that this is the right avenue for this, but I would like to apply
        for the DMV

        Director position.       Have been asked by several employees to apply, mainly because of the
        director you now

        have.  I would love the opportunity to sit down and talk to you about the position. I
        have the

        education, background, and experience to put the division back on track.



        I will attempt to attach my resume to this comment card!



        Sincerely,



       Ben Petersdorff

       907-353-2096
                                                                  1




                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0001115
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Bernard A .   Petersdorff

          3194 Brookview Lane

         North Pole , AK 99705

         Home:    ( 907) 488-0804 / Msg:       (907 )   590-2216

         Email:     petesplace@acsalaska.net



         OBJECTIVE



         To obtain the Director ' s position with the DMV.



         SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS



                  Twenty-six years experience in Management /Administration with the U . S. Military.

                  Master of Arts in Business Organizational Management.

                  Over eight years of experience in DMV.

                  Performed ACAP Site Manager duties for three years.

                  Expertise in Training and Development.



         RELEVANT SKILLS AND ABILITIES



         MANAGEMENT

               Extensive career experience managing personnel ,                  training and administrative
         functions.

                  Performed ACAP Site Manager Duties in the absence of assigned manager.

               Program Administrator for Artic Slope World Services ; managed finance , accounting,
         contract

         administration , purchasing, administered training program , and personnel functions for the
         program.

                  Managed Fairbanks Office of Department of Motor Vehicles ; supervised staff including
         driver

         examiners , motor vehicle representatives , accountant and commissioned agents in remote
         communities.

               Experience in grant-writing and budget development ; monitored expenses to ensure
         budgetary

                                                                    2




                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0001116
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         compliance and fiscal responsibility.

               Participated in reengineering of the Alaska Department of Motor Vehicles to ensure
         efficient and

         effective operations while maintaining high standards of customer service.

               Ability to work effectively with organizational management, legislators and
         government officials,

         coordinate with other agencies ,           interact effectively with staff and serve the general
         public.

                 Researched, designed and managed resources for continuous organizational development
         and

         improvement.



         HUMAN RESOURCE MANAGEMENT

               Extensive Personnel experience at both the technical and management levels during a
         career with

         the U.S. Air Force.

               Recruited ,     selected ,      interviewed ,   trained and evaluated employee performance;
         ensured all

         personnel actions were in accordance with union agreements.

               Planned and developed safety/security program for Fairbanks Department of Motor
         Vehicles.

               Conducted Wage and hour Surveys with like industries in the Fairbanks area to adjust
         wage scale.

               Represented organization with union officials ;                set up bridging agreement with the
         labor union

         during the contract transition from Lockheed Martin to Artic Slope World Services.

               Supervised employees that were members of the largest union within the Alaska State
         Government

         while office Manager. for the Fairbanks DMV; experience in working with unions to resolve
         employee

         grievances.

               Drafted , reviewed and revised job descriptions ; determined job series and pay
         structure.

               Knowledge of various national and state regulations and programs affecting
         employment practices;

         EEO/Affirmative Action Officer for organization.

                 Administered employee benefit programs including 401K , medical , dental and vision.



         Bernard A . Petersdorff

         Page 2.

                                                                   3




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0001117
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         TRAINING AND DEVELOPMENT

               Adjunct Faculty Member for Wayland Baptist University - School of Business ;              instruct
         students on

        marketing, organizational management, managerial communications, organizational behavior,
        ethics,

         strategic management, small business administration and entrepreneurship.

               As Instructor of Professional Military Education, planned and delivered classroom
         instruction in

        a wide range of professional areas. Taught courses in written and oral communication,
        administrative

        procedures, affirmative action, substance abuse, leadership and supervision and cross-
        cultural behavior.

                Experience in developing lesson plans according to course curriculum and test

        construction/analysis.

              Conducted workshops for vehicle dealerships and lending institutions on motor
        vehicle regulations

        and titling and registering of new or used vehicles.

              Certified as "Train the Trainer" for.the Department of Motor Vehicles in "Excellence
        in Customer

        Service".



        ADMINISTRATION

              Ability to communicate effectively, both orally and in writing,            and to explain
        complex rules and

        regulations.

              Strong background in quality control in the areas of technical training and
        performance.

                Experienced ACAP Counselor and trained to fill in for CIM during her absence.

              Experience with microcomputers using word processing, spreadsheets and data base
        software.

                Assisted in business development and research for contract.

              Received, generated, and coordinated correspondence and documents relating to
        contract

        administration; administered program-specific personnel policies.

              Planned, developed and implemented administrative and organizational policies and
        procedures.

                Prepared management reports and evaluated organizational effectiveness.
                                                        4




                                                                                                  PRA_GSP01 _0001118
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                Conducted Quality Assurance Reviews and implemented changes as needed.



        EMPLOYMENT HISTORY



        Contract Installation Manager, SERCO ,       Ft. Wainwright , Alaska, June 2004 to Present.

        Events Director, Catholic Schools of Fairbanks, Fairbanks, Alaska, April 2004 to June
        2004.

        Program Administrator , Artic Slope World Services , Eielson AFB, Alaska ; October 2001 to
        March 2004.

        Office Manager, Department of Motor Vehicles (Fairbanks Office). Fairbanks, Alaska; 1993 -
        2001.

        Adjunct Faculty- School of Business , Wayland Baptist University, Fairbanks, Alaska; 1995 -
        present.

        United States Air Force ( various assignments as follows );            1967 - 1993.

                Human Resource Manager, 343rd Maintenance Squadron, Eielson AFB , Alaska; 2/86 -
        2/93.

                Personnel Specialist,      343rd Mission Support Squadron,       Eielson AFB , Alaska; 8/85 -
        2/86.

                Instructor, Professional Military Education, Kunsan AFB, Korea; 7/84 - 7/85.

                Director of Education, 6007th School Squadron, Wheeler AFB. Hawaii; 9/79 - 7/84.

                Operations Manager, 15th Security Police Squadron, Hickam AFB, Hawaii; 3/75 - 9/79.



        EDUCATION



        M.A., Business Organizational Management ,        University of Laverne, Laverne, California;
        1995.

        B.A., Administrative Management, Wayland Baptist University, Plainview, Texas; 1990.




        ben.petersdorff@wainwright.army.mil




                                                             5




                                                                                                       PRA_GSP01 _0001119
