  Unknown

  From :     Spencer, Kari L (GOV) [kari.spencer@alaska.gov]
  Sent:      Thursday, June 21, 2007 8:36 AM
  To:        gov.sarah@yahoo.com; Todd Palin
  Subject: FW: NGA Youth Program
  Governor and Todd: Attached is information about NGA/Governor's children.


  From: Lim, Marcia [mailto:MLim@NGA.ORG]
  Sent: Thursday, June 21, 2007 7:51 AM
  To: Spencer, Kari L (GOV)
  Subject : NGA Youth Program

  Hi Kari,

  ! hope this note finds you well! Nikki Guilford and Susan Dotchin mentioned that you were inquiring
  about the typical participation in the Govs' Youth Program during our Annual Meetings. I wanted to get
  back to you to provide some background information.

  As you may know, our Annual Meetings often have a smaller turnout of Governors (as opposed to our
  Winter Meeting here in Washington, DC). This summer, we are expecting about 35 governors to attend.
  In recent years, the Youth Program has had about 15-20 participants. The kids range in age generally
  from ages 5-6 up to mid-teens. We have had older teens and even college-age govs' kids occasionally
  participate in selected activities (usually water-themed activities---such as water parks, day at the beach,
  Duck ride/tour of waterfront in Seattle, etc.).

  I have attached a chart showing the potential pool of govs' youth who might participate in this year's
  program. Since we have 12 new govs this year (including one who is not married and does not have any
  children/grandchildren), it is a little more difficult to predict how many youth will attend the annual meeting
  and participate in the Youth Program. Based on past history, however, govs' children
  (grandchildren) from Louisiana, Maine, Michigan, Montana, New Hampshire, Puerto Rico, South Carolina,
  South Dakota, Utah, and Wyoming have participated in the program. From anecdotal reports, I have
  heard that kids from Colorado, Iowa, Minnesota, and Oklahoma may also participate this year.

  Additionally, if you are interested in learning more about states' policies and practices re: use of a state
  plane by the Governor and First Family, I will be happy to post a question on the Spouses' Staff listserv.
  The spouses' staff are very active listserv participants and may be able to provide useful information to
  you. Also, during our Spouses' Seminar this year in Oklahoma, the spouses themselves were discussing
  this issue!

  Please let me know if you have other questions or if I may be of assistance.      Take care, Marcia

  Marcia Lim
  Governors' Spouses' Program Director
  National Governors Association
  202/624-7810
  email: mlim(dnga.org




                                                                                                ROSTON 00584
  10/14/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
