Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown

         From :                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
         Sent:                     Sunday, April 22, 2007 6:50 PM
         To:                       Frye; Ivy J (GOV); Todd Palin
         Subject:                  Re: Bd of Game

         Yep - we'll keep that in mind - thanks.




          -----Original Message-----

         From: Ivy Frye <ivy_frye@gov.state.ak.us>

         Date : Sun, 22 Apr 2007 18:19:04

         To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

         Subject: RE: Bd of Game



         Should we be looking to Glenallen for a seat on Game next time around? They

         seem to have a lot of concerns, and rightfully so. Maybe we give them an

         opportunity to be heard and give them a vote. It's one thing to testify and

         to be an advocate, and it's another to have to make the tough decisions.



         -----Original Message-----

         From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]

         Sent: Thursday, April 19, 2007 2:00 PM

         To: Denby S Lloyd; Mike Tibbles; Michael A Nizich; Meghan N Stapleton;

         Sharon W Leighow; Ivy J Frye; John W Bitney; Sean Parnell

         Cc: Todd Palin; Kari L Spencer

         Subject: Bd of Game



         First msg coming out of Glennallen re: Bd of Game decisions: the Bd is NOT

         listening to the local advisory bds that are putting a lot of efforts in

         showing up for mtgs, "advising", doing a lot of homework for the bd, etc.

         And yet the bd makes decisions without seeming to hear the locals concerns.

         They're not notified when decisions are going to be made, for instance.



         And no one here is happy about the Tier 11 allocation dcisions. Question is:
                                                                    1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0001236
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         whyd bd make allocation decision based on INCOME          - its now a welfare program

         and nothing in Constitution speaks of welfare in terms of wildlife resources

         being allocated . I promised I'd send their message to Juneau .            ( And how do I

         get that msg to the Bd?)



         Also, hunters locally did go out to kill wolves for us thinking we'd fulfill

         promise of $ 150 fuel reimbursement and they sent in their info but now we

         " can't " reimburse them .    I told this fellow we would be we said we would.

         Bruce Bartley has his name . Nice guy , not pushy , but wants to remind us they

         want to trust govt.



         Back to Tier 11. No one locally likes the income decisions nor equipment

         restrictions     ( an ATV can do more tundra damage than the allowed 1500 lb

         track vehicle ). The locals just want to be listened to and were very glad we

         visited.



         They wanted to know if I supported the way the Commissioner was selected - I

         said I sure did be Denby is the result - and they were very cool with that.

         They just wanted to know that I supported       the Bd's recommendation of Denby.



         And the school. visit was awesome and went probably 45 min over be kids had

         great questions.




                                                            2




                                                                                                       PRA_GSP01_0001237
