Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From :                    Meghan N Stapleton [meghanstapleton@gov.state.ak.us]
         Sent:                     Sunday, April 22, 2007 12:06 P_M
         To:                       'gov.sarah@yahoo.com'
         Cc:                       Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); 'meghan_stapleton@gov.state.ak.us'
         Subject:                  MONDAY SPEECHES


         Governor,




         Monday will be a hectic day for you - I suppose, just like any other.

         But attached are two of your three speeches. The two attached revolve

         around the faith-based press conference and then your Outstanding

         Volunteer Awards. The third is the coin speech for the unveiling and

         you'll have that soon as well. I know Kris is sorting those arriving

         today and then you'll have to make your decision. We've printed the

         two most popular (grizzly and musher) that can be unveiled, plus the

         others are printed as well. Sharon bought some drapery this week for

         the unveiling - looking forward to this!



         As far as the attached speeches, the press conference speech is for

         11:00am. You will be formally introduced and step forward after the

        White House and say a few comments on behalf of the Lieutenant

        Governor and yourself - he's deferring to you and doesn't want to

         speak as well. The Outstanding Volunteer Awards speech is for during

         the awards program. Kris said truly just a minute of thanks is all you

        need and so that is reflected.



        I will be staffing an AGIA presentation before the Anchorage Chamber -

        with Nan Thompson and Kevin Banks (don't know if you want to make an

        appearance at the end to the business community). Therefore, I will

        miss the faith-based events, but Kris and Sharon will be with you for

        those.




        I hope these make it through, as I've had troubles with emails. If you

        could all confirm that you're receiving, that would be great.

                                                                1




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0001238
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Thanks!

        Meg




                                                        2


                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0001239
