Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Unknown
        From:                      Governor Sarah Palin [governor@gov.state.ak.us]
        Sent:                      Wednesday, April 25, 2007 3:41 PM
        To:                        watermark@acsalaska.net
        Subject:                   RE: Economic-Development

        Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
        information you

         have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is unable to respond
         to each and

         every email herself, your message has been received and is being reviewed by the
         appropriate staff person

         in this office who can best address your need, suggestion, or comment.



         -----Original Message-----

         From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

         Sent: Tuesday, April 24, 2007 5:09 PM

         To: governor@gov.state.ak.us

         Subject: Economic-Development



         Web mail from: Mr. Joseph Davis

         address: 1220 E 16th Ave #13 Anchorage AK 99501



         MESSAGE:

         April 24th, 2007



         Dear Governor Palin,

         Thank you for your recent interest in the grassroots movement for empowerment

         in e-commerce and online selling of Alaska Native art and rural tourism. I have had

         a conversation with Bill Allen, Marty Meyer and Michael Hanzuk (DCCED, ARDOR).

         While they have all be interested and helpful, responses remains on a small scale.



         For Alaska to grow, for this e-commerce movement to take off, to go beyond my

         personal efforts for 3+ years, it needs the leverage and breadth of the State. That

         takes another kind of empowerment, leadership. I have worked from the

         grassroots up, from village to village, and more recently in groups at VBC (outside

                                                                  1




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0001281
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         of Sutton )   with peer support for this work . Now the State needs to give the power

         from the top down.




        Alaska is poised for e-commerce success on a community level with the

        introduction of high speed internet in the villages and rural areas. I petitioned for

        it in Glacier View and we got DSL speeds ! Hurrah! But this movement is stalled. It

        happens only when I get funding to give a workshop for a few more villages. And

        post workshop support , online support is only what I have been able to do .                 ( I have

        a blog for my participants and a group made websitel)



        As James A . of Scammon Bay once told me, "Don ' t walk the tundra alone". That

        could be a DCCED motto !       It is so Alaskan . So the work is stuck . Rumor has it there

        may be funding for another T3X3        ( Train The Trainer in e-commerce sales)

        workshop series . While that is good news ,       it is not a movement . And Alaska has

        that capacity . Alaskans have that capacity ,       if they are given the thinking and tech

        and business skills . This is not about putting up buildings or installing computers.

        It is about people building , where everything else will start . We can be competitive

        in a world market like India , Ireland and China . Why not?



        This is me . That ' s all there is. And 50+ villages that I have either visited and taught

        or that have come to my group workshops        ( more people , better diversity, peer

        group, long term support ). Let's work to make this really bloom ! Let's move from

        the model of building things to empowering people . I have some practical action

        items for this . The State has the scope . You have the vision and concern.



        Give me 30 minutes to present to you and I will be done in 20, and then listen. I

        am passionate about this . That is what rural Alaska needs now.



       Good wishes,

       Joseph Davis

       250 5561

       watermark@acsalaska.net

       www.VillageAlaska.Com



                                                            2




                                                                                                      PRA GSPO1 _0001282
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         watermark@acsalaska.net




                                                       3



                                                                                                 PRA_GSP01 _0001283
