Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                Page 1 of 1


              Unknown
              From :   Sarah Palin [gov.sarah@yahoo.com]
              Sent:    Saturday, April 28, 2007 12:22 PM
              To:      PARNELL; S (GOV sponsored)
              Subject: Re: Wasilla--"One Lord Sunday"
             I'm going to try to get there - I should make it - but I'm glad you're the one asked to speak!

             I have Fairbanks and Barrow on Thursday and Friday - speaking to Fairbanks Rotary at noon on
             Friday plus some school visits. And radio show at 4pm and John Roberts reception (you'll be
             there) later on... I'll have Kari email you my sched so if there's any coordination needed to be
             done you'll have my info.

             I'm in Juno on Sun, Mon, Tues, Wed so I'll see you in and between Wasilla (tomorrow),
             Anchorage (probably same flt back to Juno), Juneau, and Fairbanks.

             S R Parnell <sr parnell&ov state. alp us> wrote:

               Good morning! I got the message from Karl that you might be at the
               Sunday service in Wasilla and that I should go ahead and speak without
               deferring to you. I'm happy to do that and give you a break so you
               might enjoy more fully what God has for us there.

               On this coming week's schedule, I'm planning to be in Juneau Monday
               morning through Tuesday evening, Anchorage Wednesday, and Fairbanks
               Thursday to Friday morning. The Anchorage and Fairbanks legs of my
               week can easily change, however, if something comes up in Juneau that
               you'd like my help with.

              Thursday evening in Fairbanks , Chief Justice John Roberts speaks to
              the Alaska Bar Association dinner and I thought it would be good to
              hear him. I also set up a SCORE meeting (University research committee
              I chair as LG) at UAF for the day.

              Are you in Juneau all week?

              Sean



            Ahhh... imagining that irresistible "new car" smell?
            Check out new cars at Yahoo! Autos,




            11/10/2009

                                                                                                              PRA GSP01 0001335
