Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From:                     gov.sarah@yahoo.com
         Sent :                    Saturday, April 28, 2007 8:18 AM
         To:                       Karleen K Jackson; Kim; Anna C (GOV); Russell T Kelly
         Subject:                  Fw: Eklutna



          ------Original Message------

         To: Michael A Tibbles

         To: Michael A Nizich

         To: John W Bitney

         To: Talis J Colberg

         To: Sean Parnell

         CC: Meghan N Stapleton

         Cc: Sharon W Leighow

         Cc: Joseph R Balash

         Sent: Apr 28, 2007 7:56 AM

         Subject: Eklutna



         We'll be joining the efforts of Rep Stoltze (tho I haven't told him yet, but surely he'd
         presume it) with the Eklutkna gambling issue. Don't know what all he wants to do in
         protecting his community's rights (and Alaska's rights), but we're on the same page on the
         potential gambling proposal on "Stoltze's Way" in Chugiak.



         We need to get a public statement out re: our intentions, Bit needs to vet this - using
         his discernment with strategy - with legislators who signed "the letter" and are using
         Talis's comments about the letter against him and his confirmation, and rural legislators
         need to be assured we're not racists or being discriminatory.on this.



         There is misinformation out there on admin's position, I've heard it's even percieved that
         Todd's native background is/was a reason Talis didn't "jump" when legislators presented
         the idea of taking action on Eklutna's request. For the record, I've not connected the two
         at all with this issue, have not ever mentioned it, and I want that cleared up so
         legislators know clearly my position on casinos, potentially, in Chugiak and elsewhere.



         Thanks!



         Also - VOT mentioned yest that we still haven't publicly stated our position on this.
         Talis was wise to consider the issue, to take time to do so be this issue is much larger
         than Eklutna's gaming issue, and I support Talis in this.




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0001338
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         But we do need to state our position and work from there. Surprised I haven't been asked
         by press yet.




                                                        2




                                                                                                  PRA_GSP01 _0001339
