Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                     Page 1 of 1


             Unknown

              From :   Sarah Palin [gov.sarah@yahoo.com]
              Sent:    Monday , April 30, 2007 4:02 PM
              To:      Frye; Ivy J (GOV)
              Subject: Re: B&C update
             tell me more about dodson... and we're thinking Privile for lbc, right? Privileg doesn't want it?

             by Frye <hyrfrye@gov state.ak.us> wrote:

               Health Council : I contacted all of the Health Council members. I think the last call to make is to
               Ed. His cell number is Privilege Meg will send the press release when you guys give her the
               word.

               Regents : I've been contacted by the entire Fairbanks Delegation (minority and majority) and by
               Cynthia Henry, the one FBX rep on Regents . Interestingly , she was at a FBX Chamber Board
               meeting today and the appointment was a topic of discussion . Announcing at the meeting this
               week was a great idea, Governor!

               ALSO IN FAIRBANKS...

               LBC and Aviation Advisory : I have a few names to run by you for LBC-that seat is restricted
               to Fairbanks/Interior. Also, Jim Dodson represents the city and borough on the Aviation Board.
               Whittaker called Tibbles to say that he endorses his re -appointment . Mike was thinking this was
               a good idea . LBC and Dodson 's re-appt could also be announced if you were interested.


               Ivy Frye
               Director of Boards and Commissions
               Office of Governor Sarah Palin
               (907) 465-3500 office
               (907) 465-8110 fax




             Ahhh ... imagining that irresistible "new car" smell?
             Check out new cars at Yahoo! Autos.




             11/10/2009

                                                                                                                     PRA_GSP0I _0001391
