Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                       Page 1 of I


            Unknown

             From :      Tyler Clark [clatyler@gmail.com]
            Sent:        Monday, April 30, 2007 4:24 PM
            To:          Palin; Sarah H (GOV)
            Cc:          Kreitzer; Annette (Dept. of Admin); samr@afscmelocal52.org
            Subject: ASEA/AFSCME GGU State Workers' Contract
            Dear Governor Palin:

            I know that you are extremely busy so I'll be brief. I take pride in saying that this year marks the 30th year
            that I have been an Alaskan. I also take great pride in working for the State that I love so dearly. While I
            have the skills, education, and experience to work in the private sector, I choose to work for the State
            because of the satisfaction I feel in serving the people of Alaska.

            While I am a member of the ASEA/AFSCME Local 52 GGU Union, I honestly have never been much
            involved with the union's activities- that is until this year. In prior years when the union negotiated
            contracts for Alaska's employees, I did not feel much need to participate. But this year is different,
            fundamentally because the ever increasing cost of living, continues to erode my income. The price of
            gasoline, energy, utilities, groceries, property taxes, etc. has greatly surpassed the meager increases in
            State salaries in recent years, thereby making it difficult to earn an honest living. That is why this year,
            more than ever, I feel that I need to do my part to ensure that my fellow coworkers and I receive a fair
            working contract so that we can continue to provide for our families. Therefore, I intend to firmly stand
            together with my fellow coworkers in negotiating a fair and reasonable contract.

            I respectfully request that you consider our union's proposed contract, while keeping in mind the necessity
            to serve Alaskans with a high quality and loyal workforce.    I believe that the terms and
            conditions the union has proposed are fair to both the State and its employees. Please help us to
            continue to serve our State by approving the proposed contract. Thank you for your time and
            consideration in this matter.


            Sincerely,



           Tyler Clark




            11/10/2009

                                                                                                                     PRA_GSP01_0001404
