Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                             Page 1 of 3


             Unknown

             From:     Sarah Palin [gov.sarah©yahoo.coml
             Sent:     Tuesday, May 01, 2007 3:03 PM
             To:       Stapleton; Meghan N (GOV); Irwin; Tom E (DNR); Balash ; Joseph R (GOV)
             Subject: Re: Isaacson on AGIA
             have him send this to legislators - things aren't going well today after the third producer said
             they're not playing.

             jim bowies just called to tell me they're running ads tomorrow - and in a couple of days the three
             producers together will run ads.

             the "end game strategy " is extremely necessary at this point , and we need our votes to get the
             gasline process underway - that only happens with passage of AGIA.

             i will start knocking on legislators ' doors and setting up one on one meetings myself if/when i get
             word who it is having such heartburn over AGIA. these key legislators - whomever they are -
             need to be reminded of all Mayor Issacson is saying in his piece here.

             Meghan Stapleton <nteghan stapleton@gov.state. alkus> wrote:

               FYI only as you head north on Thursday.

              The text below will be a part of the Mayor 's newsletter for May 1 (today).

              Meghan N . Stapleton
              Communications Director
              Office of Governor Sarah Palln
              907.269.7450 0
              907.269.74631
              907.321.4975 c

              From: Doug Isaacson [mailto:doug.saacson@ hotmali.com]
              Sent; Tuesday, May 01 , 2007 2:39 PM
              To: melissaLstepovich @gov.state.ak.us
              Subject: Re: [Fwd : Press Release: Governor Palin Thanks North Pole Mayor & City Council for
              Signing AGIA Resolution]

              Here's the text going into my May I Newsletter:
              Do You Know Who Owns Alaska?
              As an Alaskan, did you know that YOU own the oil, gas, coal, gold and other mineral wealth in
              Alaska? Most Alaskans either do not know or have forgotten that our State is unique. Alaska is the
              ONLY State that has placed ownership of its mineral wealth in the hands of the people of the
              State-our wealth can not be owned by any one individual or corporation. We are not "paid to live
              here" as our PFD is often mistakenly explained. We are paid a dividend on the development of our
              resources . Let me share with you five very important ramifications we must embrace:

                First: Alaskans are uniquely an "Owner" State. Since we are all owners, we must
              respect each other and develop our resources TODAY in order to provide maximum job
              opportunities for our people and allow our children the promise of jobs TOMORROW.
              Unfortunately, it seems some people in the State are intent on limiting opportunity and
              advancement for others and are trying to shut down the opportunity to develop the
              resources that will permit us to pay our own way well into the future, as a responsible
              State should and soon must.

                Second: Because we are the owners, we can not succumb to powerful parties who
              would try to intimidate us with the idea that they will no longer cooperate in the
              development of our resources. I'm no lawyer, but that threat sounds shaky. Former
              Governor Walter J. Hickel wrote in the April 15, 2007 Anchorage Daily News, "(In) the
              1984 Amerada Hess case that pitted the state against the producers(,) Judge Walter
              Carpeneti ruled that the "covenant to market" means that when a project involving the
              state's resources is 'reasonably profitable, measured on its own merit,' the producers
              have a duty to participate." In other words, we've been down this road before and we
              must NOT forget that our position as OWNERS means we bargain from strength not
              inability.
               Third We have both the ability to move forward in the development of our resources, and we have
              the responsibility to do so. How often are we going to fail to do what's necessary unless we find
              someone else to pay for our development? For example, it seems we won't build a road any more




             11/10/2009

                                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0001417
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                                          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                                                                        Page 2 of 3


              unless the Feds fund it. Are we going to drag our feet on the gasline unless the Producers do it? Have we forgotten that in the late 1960s our
              State leaders argued for Prudhoe Bay by being willing to produce the oil, with or without the Producers? Big Oil knew then we had the ability
              and knew that it was our right. To perhaps oversimplify the argument, it's time for us, THE PEOPLE OF THE STATE OF ALASKA, and our
              leaders, to step forward with the will to bring to market our resources. The Producers have already stated that we are in a
              window of opportunity and they don't want to lose this profitable opportunity. Not unexpectedly, they will do everything in
              their power, during the negotiating period, to maximize every last bit of profit for themselves. And we, too, must responsibly
              move forward, without unnecessary delay, because the gasline is a project that will create good paying jobs for many of our
              people, and if done right-to include petrochemical production within our State, perhaps even right here in North Pole-natural
              gas becomes a legacy project that will positively impact our economy for our children's children! Development of our resources
              is not just a natural gas and oil issue , it also applies to all the vast mineral wealth throughout our State.
                Fourth: The Alaska Statehood Act passed by Congress in 1958 gave 103 million acres, including the sub-surface rights to the
              people of the State of Alaska (approximately the same size as California). But what defines, "the people of the State?" There are
              quite a few people who reside in Alaska who do not have the success of State of Alaska in mind. I call these people,
              "transients." Sometimes they are transient by design, in order to stop the efforts of true Alaskans from developing a vigorous
              and self-sustaining economy; and sometimes they are accidental, just "doing time" until they can get back Outside. Personally, I
              don't consider a transient an Alaskan at all. Just because someone is able to collect a PFD check, doesn't really mean they have
              become an Alaskan at heart. There's no legal test that can be applied, just practical ones. For example, when asked about your
              State, if you respond with everything about the State from which you've come, you're NOT Alaskan! However, if you can see
              yourself as a vital and constructive part of the success of this State, no matter how small or how big a role you have in the
              effort, you are an Alaskan. Notice, the test is not in whether you or I succeed In what we want to accomplish in this State, but
              whether or not we can put our individual accomplishment second to the success of the enterprise, the State ofAlaska. Don't
              get me wrong, we need to personally succeed in order to support ourselves and our families and to accomplish the greater good,
              but do we put our self motivated interests above the greater good? (You and I know people who say, "My success IS the greater
              good!") It all boils down to us working to better the present and future generations' ability to live and work in Alaska as we and
              they choose. Then there are no small roles; just limits to our imagination and our courage.
               Finally: If you want your Permanent Fund Dividend check to really grow, imitate the corporate shareholder in a Wall Street
             company and DEMAND MAXIMUM, RESPONSIBLE DEVELOPMENT AND RETURN for the leases of your
             resources. Let your voice be heard with the "Board of Directors," i.e., the legislature and the Congress, and even affected
             parties like the Producers who have taken out the leases. Tell them, let's fund it! Let's get it done! Let's move forward! What
             about the Governor? She gets it. From what I can tell, AGIA is all about being an owner . Let's support her.
             For our State-the State of Alaska-to succeed, every generation must have leadership that makes wise and hard decisions. It's time for you
             and me to step forward.




                  From: MellssaM. Stepovich "<melissa stepoN~vstate.ak.us>
                  To: douy_Isaarson <doug Isaacson()hobttalGcom>
                  Subject: Re: [Fed.' Press Release: GovemorPalln Thanks North Pole Mayor & OfyCouncil for SYgrdng AG7A Resolution]
                  Date: Mon, 30 Apr 200715:56:18 -0800

                  please :)

                  doug_ saacson wrote:

                  do you need me to re-send as text In the email?


                  -----Original Message----
                  From: "Melissa M. Stepovich " <melissa steoovichCalaov. state. ak.us>
                  Sent: Monday, April 30, 2007 11:31 PM
                  To: "Doug Isaacson" <doua Isaacson0hotmail.com>
                  Subject: Re: [Fwd : Press Release: Governor Palin Thanks North Pole Mayor & City Council for Signing AGIA Resolution)
              1
              1 Thanks Doug. Bummer, I can"t open the attachment.

                  Doug Isaacson wrote:

                  Melissa,
                   You're welcome. I've attached the lead article that will come out in my May newsletter that explains why I'm personally supporting this Governor.
                  Doug Isaacson, Mayor




                  From: Melissa M. Stepovich ' <melissa stenovida wv state.ak. us>
                  To: douo lsaacson4hotmaii.com, Mavor)northoolea/aska.com
                  Subject: [Fwd Press Release: GovernorPalin Thanks North Pole Mayor& City Council for SigningAGFA Resolution]
                  Date: Mal, 30 Apr 200714:34:16 -0800
                  Thank you very much for your support.




            11/10/2009

                                                                                                                                                                       PRA_GSP01_0001418
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                                       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                                       Page 3 of 3

                 Melissa

                 From: SharonBtach <sharon busch0oov.state.ak.us>
                 To: GOV - PRESS RELEASEDISTRIBUTION <nrd&bttlont9oov.state.ak.us>
                                                                s
                 Subject: Press Release: Governor Pain Thanks North Pole Mayw& Q4' Council for SlgningAGIA Resolution
                 Date: Mon, 30 Apr 200714.·19.75 -0800




                 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE                                                                    07-094

                                                    Governor Palin Thanks North Pole Mayor & City Council
                                                                 for Signing AGIA Resolution


                April, 30 , 2007, Juneau, Alaska - Governor Sarah Palin thanks North Pole Mayor Doug Isaacson and members of the
                North Pole City Council for supporting the Alaska Gasline Inducement Act through a Resolution of the North Pole City
                Council dated April 16, 2007.

                "Alaskans across the State are supportive of AGIA ," said Governor Sarah Palin. They like that it establishes a public,
                open , transparent, and competitive process ; jobs for Alaskans ; gas for Alaskans ; and timetables to get our gas to
                market as quickly as possible . I appreciate Mayor Isaacson and members of the City Council for publicly showing their
                support, and I look forward to continue working with them on the gasiine."

                The Alaska Gasline Inducement Act continues to make its way through the House and Senate finance committees.
                Leaders of both Chambers say they expect passage of AGIA before the legislative session ends.




                << image00l.jpg >>
                << PR07-094GovemorPallnThanksNorthPoleMayorCityCouncilforSigningAGIAResolutlonO43007.doc >>
                << melissa_stepovlch.vcf >>


               Download Messenger. Join the I'm Initiative . Help make a difference today.

               << mellssa stepovich.vcF >>



             The average US Credit Score is 675 . The cost to see yours : $0 by Exoerian.



            ^hhh ... imagining that irresistible "new car" smell?
             heck out new cars at Yahoo! Autos.




            11/10/2009

                                                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0001419
