Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From :                    Governor Sarah Palin [governor@gov.state.ak.us]
         Sent:                     Tuesday, May 01, 2007 3:36 PM
         To:                       ci@akmk.com
         Subject:                  RE: Economic Development

         Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin .                The concerns , opinions , and/or
         information you

         have sent are important and valuable to the Governor .                Although she is unable to respond
         to each and

         every email herself, your message has been received and is being reviewed by the
         appropriate staff person

         in this office who can best address your need, suggestion, or comment.



         -----Original Message-----

        From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMailagov.state.ak.us]

        Sent: Sunday, April 29, 2007 2:33 PM

        To: governor@gov.state.ak.us

        Subject: Economic-Development



        Web mail from: Mr. Kathleen Menke

        address: PO Box 781

          Haines AK 99827



        MESSAGE:

        This is regarding the upcoming postal rate increases and how they are going to

        negatively affect businesses in Alaska, particularly rural Alaskans, who do not have

        cost-effective UPS and Fed X options,



        The postal rate increases coming for May 14 (urgent!) are going to have a big

        impact on my business and other businesses in Haines.



        Those who sell and ship books, like myself, from rural Alaska are going to be

        especially hard hit.




        Priority Mail for Bound Printed Matter will now go from $4.05 per flat rate priority


                                                                 1




                                                                                                           PRA GSPO1_OO0145O
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         mail (up to two pounds) or $2.12-$2.83 (for former first class/bound printed

         matter) to $4.60 to $7.50, depending on the zone to which the package is being

         shipped.     From Haines, we are shipping to the higher number zones (6-8 for the

         most part).      So, effectively the cost of shipping one to two books for my business

         will increase from $2.12 or $4.05 to up to for the most part $6.55 to $7.50.



         Media rate is being discontinued for parcels over 15 pounds (the size of cartons of

         books).    Elsewhere in the country, publishers are being advised to use UPS or Fed

         X.   That obviously is not a solution for us here in Haines.



         The increase for a first class letter is minor compared with other price increases

         that will affect local business shipping and ordering scenarios.



         If you will E-mail me at ci@akmk.com, I can send an attachment with the actual

        changes that will affect rural Alaskan book publishers, such as myself, and most

        other Alaskans.




        I hope Sarah Palin and the Alaska Legistlature can help support Senator Stevens in

        addressing this issue at the federal level.



        Regards, Kathleen



        ci@akmk.com




                                                          2



                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0001451
