 Unknown

From :                   Todd Palin [fek9wnr@yahoo.com]
Sent:                    Wednesday, June 27, 2007 9:09 PM
To:                      Austerman; Joseph M (CED)
Subject :                Mat Maid


Hey Joe,



Some interesting stuff from Halcros blog



Soft Landing: Spilled milk on the runway?

Posted: June 22, 2007 - 4:25 pm



The Associated Press ran the first story about

opposition to keeping Matanuska Maid open. In the

article, UAA Economics Professor PJ Hill said the

state has no business using public funds to subsidize

an unsustainable business, especially since it should

have been privatized a long time ago.



One of the constant ideas we keep hearing about is

keeping Mat-Maid going until November. Why November?

Because that is the projected date when a new local

milk bottling plant is scheduled to open in Palmer.

That is the soft landing you keep hearing about in the

media.



This spring the USDA after putting out a request for


                                                      1      ROSTON 00627




 Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
proposals to create a sustainable local dairy project,

a $475,000 grant was awarded to Robert Wells and

Robert Gottstein. The grant was awarded to develop a

local milk bottling plant to sell "Natural" Alaskan

milk. Wells currently sits on the Mat-Su Borough

Assembly and Gottstein currently owns and operates a

water bottling plant in the same building as the State

Agriculture offices across from the Palmer

Fairgrounds.



In attracting this grant money, the operators have

reportedly promised local milk producers prices of $25

to $28 per cwt. Given the fact that currently Mat-Maid

is paying local milk producers $22 per cwt, while

imported milk costs them $19.74 per cwt, that means

this new concern would be paying between twelve and

twenty-two percent higher than the cheapest milk

currently being procured by a hemorrhaging Mat-Maid.

In addition, the market challenge of expecting

consumers to pay much more for organic milk is one

thing, but natural simply means hormone free which

most milk is today because of recent health scares.



A handful of companies, including Mat-Maid, bid on the

proposal and the grant was awarded to Wells and

Gottstein. After the bid opening, one unsuccessful


                                                      2     ROSTON 00628




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
bidder protested the award. The protest claimed the

bid violated procurement rules by being narrowly

written to favor one specific group. The local

agriculture representative dismissed the complaint,

claiming the award couldn't be appealed.



The issue was taken up with USDA National Appeals

Division. After a preliminary tele-conference, the

Appeals Division found the proposal and the award

process so questionable that on July 18 they will be

flying in a team of investigators. This of course has

put the entire grant thus the future of the milk

bottling plant in Palmer on hold.



If the grant is.found to be legal, the plant is

scheduled to open in November. If the grant is found

to be illegal, the RFP process will start all over

again. This might put the state in a position of

needing to put a lot more than $600,000 into Mat-Maid

to keep it running.



The real challenge, as is pointed out in the AP story

by a dairy expert, is the small size of the Alaska's

dairy industry. High costs and low volume are killers

in any industry. And while the ADN letter to the

editor section this morning is flooded with those

                                                       3     ROSTON 00629




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
appealing to keep Alaska's dairy open, the fact is 62%

of all milk consumed in Alaska today is cheaper

outside brands.



Readmore




Building a website is a piece of cake. Yahoo! Small Business gives you all the tools to get online.

http://smallbusiness.yahoo.com/webhosting




                                                   4                                ROSTON 00630




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
