Unknown
From :                  gov.sarah@yahoo.com
Sent:                   Friday, June 29, 2007 1:11 PM
To:                     Spencer; Kari L (GOV); Todd Pain
Subject :               Re: Good-bye!


We love you Kari!!!



We want this to be an invigorating and exciting time for you - not too exciting so you can have peace
and fun in the position - but new open doors bringing new, good things.



We just unrolled our $237,000,000 in budget cuts. Ughhhhh! Brutal!!! Karen Rehfeld is a master, a
brilliant mind, and wonderful person and I am amazed at what she and Joan accomplished with this
budget. I had them so wrapped around the axle on line items and I know I drove them crazy with so
many questions - they were amazing in putting this all together for our press conference today. I'm
wiped out - the rest of administration probably is too.



I told Meg we released the budget - now she can go have her baby. (They're inducing on Sunday!).
She's worried about missing Monday's AGIA RFA roll-out.



Anyway, crazy two weeks - I hope and pray you will love your position. From the bottom of my heart I
thank you for your awesome attitude and the example you're setting through this chapter in our
administration's life and through changes in your own life. Thank you Kari.

Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



-----Original Message-----

From: " Spencer, Kari L (GOV)" <kari. spencer@alaska.gov>



Date: Fri, 29 Jun 2007 11:34:49

To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com, Todd Palin <fek9wnr@yahoo.com>

Subject: Good-bye!




                                                      1                              ROSTON 00635




 Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
Dear Governor and First Gentleman: Thank you so much for the opportunity to work with you in your
new and bright administration. I am looking forward to the new challenges and learning ahead of me.
 I hope you and your family have a wonderful and restful summer and I wish you all the best for the
next four years. I am only a phone call away if I can be of any assistance whatsoever to you. Kari




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
