Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                Page 1 of 1


             Unknown

              From :   Sarah Palin [gov. sarah@yahoo.com]
              Sent:    Monday, March 12, 2007 7:16 AM
             To:       Hartig ; Lawrence L (DEC)
             Cc:      PARNELL; S (GOV sponsored)
             Subject: RE: Hooper Bay water
             Thank you!

             "Hartig, Larry" <[arry_ hartig@dec.stateak. us> wrote:

               Governor,

               I'll have our Village Safe Water staff provide a summary of the history the Hooper Bay
               community water system and what options we see to address the community 's concerns.

               Larry Hartig


              From: Sarah Palin [mailto:gov .sarahCayahoo.com]
              Sent: Sun 3/11/2007 3:51 PM
              To., karen_rehfeld@gov.state .ak.us; Hartig, Larry; mike tibbles@gov.state.ak.us;
              john_bitney@gov.state.ak.us
              Subject: Hooper Bay water

              The Lt. Gov. and I are curious re: Hooper Bay community water . We want to help. For
              background , here's an excerpt from Sean's and my email exchange discussing our intent
              to help in that community:

               "I asked what was needed in Hooper Bay to take the next step in building that
              community ... His response was immediate, "They need running water," he said.
              Franklin (Graham) said the state and federal government's approach to building pieces
              of the water system across a lot of years actually demoralizes people because they see
              something coming but it is demoralizing to have the project repeatedly put on hold. I
              think it might be a good first step to ask Karen Rehfeld to have one of her budget
              analysts look at what's been funded and installed in Hooper Bay to date; what, if
              anything is in next year's capital budget, and see what can be done to step it up and
              complete it in the next year or two. (The cost could be outrageous, but it is worth a
              look.) Also, I think we need to get out there since we missed the trip last month. It feels
              like the door of hope was opened a bit by Samaritan's Purse getting these kids building
              the houses with adults-community building, looking beyond themselves. Maybe we
              can push the door open wider with running water sooner rather than later."

              Karen - do you have any info. on this?

              Now that's room service! Choose from over 150,000 hotels
              in 45,000 destinations on Yahoo! Travel to find your fit.



            Expecting? Get great news right away with email Auto-Check.
            Try the Yahoo! Mail Beta.



            11/10/2009

                                                                                                              PRA GSP0I_0000620
