Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                   Page 1 of 2


             Unknown

             From :    Sarah Palin [gov.sarah@yahoo.com]
             Sent:     Monday, March 12, 2007 8:43 PM
             To:       PARNELL; S (GOV sponsored)
             Subject: Re: Traveling issues
             Holy moly... those are all outlandish rumors. I think Justin likes to stir it up, as information is
             power for the guys on the hill. His information happens to be all wrong tho.

             I had a good conversation with Ted S. and George Lowe when I was in DC and told them I
             support Ted (I also talked to Catherine Stevens on my visit), so Justin is a few weeks off there.
             Ted was appreciative that I could reassure him that my plate was full as Governor and I was not
             planning a Senate run.

             Crazy talk about me recruiting anyone to run against Don. Totally not true.

             And Carl, even, is so totally off base about MidAmerican and any "deal cut". It's not true.

             These guys are giving me way too much credit - like I have my schedule so under control that I
             have time to conjure up more issues to tackle such as the ones Justin mentioned!

             As for your meeting with Don and Ted - I just really hope they remember that I am committed to
             fairness and transparency with AGIA... that we realize how important the gasline is... and that we
             want Alaska to become more self-sufficient and self-sustaining - one way to do that is to see that
             the gasline is built. We will not be so reliant on the feds, then we won't be pressuring Don and
             Ted for $$$ to the degree we've always done in the past. And hopefully they'll know that Exxon
             does not have to be such stinkers to us in the press - that Exxon has a duty to develop, etc.

             Have a great trip!

             S R Parnell Ssr parnell@gov.state.ak.us> wrote:

              Hi,

              I flew through Seattle and ran into Justin Steifel. He asked where I
              was headed and I told him, and also told him I'd be speaking with the
              congressional delegation. Since he's now lobbying on the Hill I asked
              him what Stevens, Young and Murkowski each had on their plates in DC--
              so I could be better prepared for the meetings.

              When we got to the discussion on Sen. Stevens, Justin indicated that
              the Senator was entirely focused on re-election, that he was concerned
              about you running against him, that Young was concerned you were
              actively working to recruit Jim Whitaker to run, against Young.. .he
              indicated that most of these theories are cooked up by Congressional
              staff. I told him that those were outlandish theories!!

              Next, I forgot to tell you what I heard at the Inaugural Ball. Carl
              Marrs pulled me aside and told me that the reason Exxon has been
              nasty in the press lately toward us is because they believe you have


             11/10/2009

                                                                                                               PRA GSP0I _0000626
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                           Page 2 of 2


              cut a deal with MidAmerican. Carl says he knows that's not true
              because of his sources into MidAmerican--and I assured him that
              wouldn't be consistent with who you are.

              Amazing and ill-informed stuff, but all are items you should know are
              lurking in the background.

              Sean



            The fish are biting.
            Get more visitors on your site using Yahoo! Search Marketing.




            11/10/2009

                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0000627
