Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                  Page 1 of 2



             Unknown

              From :   Ivy Frye [Ivy_Frye@gov. state.ak.us]
              Sent:    Tuesday, March 13, 2007 7:12 AM
              To:      Katz; John W (GOV); Mike Nizich
              Cc:      Denby Lloyd; Governor Sarah Palin ; Michael Tibbles
              Subject: RE: Fisheries Appointments - CONFIDENTIAL

            Thank you John . I'll draft the nomination letters today and make contact with Privil regarding !ttters of
            resignation.




            From : John Katz [mailto:jwkatz@ALASKADC.org]
            Sent: Tuesday, March 13, 2007 5:56 AM
            To: Mike Nizich
            Cc: Denby Lloyd; Governor Sarah Palin ; Ivy Frye; Michael Tibbles
            Subject: Fisheries Appointments - CONFIDENTIAL




            I have now heard back from the State Department in response to our inquiry
            concerning appointments to the North Pacific Anadromous Fish Commission and
            the Bering Sea Fisheries Advisory Board.
           Privileged or Personal
                                should send letters of resignation to the President for the NPAFC
            since the President is the appointing authority under the federal statute.
            Privileged or s resignation letter from the BSFAB should be sent to the Secretary of
            State, who is the appointing authority. There are procedures if Privileged or refuses
            to resign , but hopefully this will not be a problem.

            In the case of the NPAFC, the Governor should recommend one person, with
            resume, to the President. Regarding the BSFAB, the letter should recommend two
            names for the single vacancy and that letter should be sent to the Secretary of
            State. The Governor can indicate her preference, but the enabling statute requires
            at least two recommendations for each vacancy.

            Because the NPAFC involves the White House, there can be a considerable lapse of
            time between recommendation and appointment. In these situations, the State
            Department will appoint the Governor's recommended person as an alternate
            pending final White House action. The replacement process for the BSFAB will go
            more quickly, because only the State Department is involved.

            We should copy Amanda Johnson Miller at the State Department with the
            appointment packages for the two bodies. She will help coordinate and expedite the
            appointment processes. The packages should include Privileged or Perso 's letters of
            resignation.




           8/25/2009
                                                                                                                  PRA_GSP01_0000646
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                      Page 2 of 2


           Attached are copies of the enabling statutes and a sample letter of recommended
           appointments to the BSFAB. If you need further assistance, please let me know.


           Please note that my email address has changed . My new email address is jwkatz jalaskadc.org.
           Thank you .




           8/25/2009
                                                                                                       PRA_GSPOI_0000647
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                              Page 1 of 1




              Byers, Gail Y (LAW)

              From :    Sarah Palin [gov.sarah@yahoo.com]
              Sent:     Thursday, March 13, 2008 2:57 PM
              To:       PARNELL; S (GOV sponsored)
              Subject: Fwd: Lee Iacocca's Words - Food for Thought




            Note: forwarded message attached.




             6/9/2009
                                                                                                              P RAGS P01 _0000648
