Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                      Page 1 of 2


            Unknown
             From :        Meghan Stapleton [meghan stapleton@gov.state.ak.us]
             Sent:         Thursday, March 15, 2007 11:27 AM
             To:           'Sarah Palin'; 'Denby Lloyd'; mike_nizich@gov.state.ak.us; mike-tibbles@gov.state.ak.us
             Cc:           sharon_leighow@gov.state. ak.us; meghan_stapleton@gov. state.ak.us
             Subject:      FW: Fish Interviews with Governor
             Importance: High
            ASMI members have been out of town, but did respond today to our request for thoughts on this
            afternoon's fish interviews. The following is from Ray Riutta, Executive Director of ASMI:

            For the Intrafish questions here is an assortment of bullets to choose from:

               -Highly committed to aggressive and innovative marketing of Alaska Seafood
               - Supports ASMI and looks forward to working with them as a spokesperson for Alaska seafood to help
            get out our very important messages to the rest of the world. ASMI is working on a game plan right now
            to do this
               -There is a million dollars in the Governor's budget to help ASMI continue its marketing and
            advertising campaigns this coming year
               -Proud of the fact that we have the best managed fisheries in the world in Alaska; no stocks are
            endangered or over fished
               -Sustainability is built into our state constitution and sets the stage for the way we manage our fisheries
               -There is no better seafood in the world than Alaska Seafood and she looks forward to working with
            ASMI to continue to get that word out ...our seafood is sustainable , harvested in the most pristine
            environment on earth and most importantly, is good for you. It's pure, a natural product that is high in
            heart healthy Omega 3's
               -Very pleased with the high value that Alaska Seafood commands in the market place. It is recognition
            by the customer that wild Alaska Seafood is the top choice when it comes to picking seafood.
               -Here are a couple of items picked right from our website:
                  -The State of Alaska recognizes seafood as a precious natural resource and the seafood industry as
            a vital component of the state's economy. Therefore, Alaska leads the nation in resource management,
            quality control and conservation to ensure that Alaska Seafood remains the World's finest for future
            generations.
                  -The quality of Alaska Seafood is also determined by what it doesn't contain. Alaska's marine
            habitats are nearly pollution-free compared to the rest of the world. Feeding on organic marine organisms,
            Alaska Seafood is additive-free and provides healthful, natural vitamins, minerals, nutrients and heart-
            healthy polyunsaturated fats. For example, Alaska Salmon is rich in Omega-3 oils. Scientists have known
            for years that Omega-3 offers heart-healthy benefits, including:

                 Helping to decrease blood lipids (cholesterol , LDL's, and triglycerides)
                 Reducing blood clotting factors
                 Increasing relaxation in larger arteries and blood vessels
                 Decreasing the inflammatory processes in blood vessels

                 -Additionally, the Omega-3 oils found in certain types of seafood, including Alaska Salmon, have
           been linked to improvements in or prevention of certain kinds of cancer, ulcerative colitis, psoriasis,
           arthritis, asthma, certain kinds of mental illness, depression and lupus.

                -The preferred choice for Omega-3 consumption is from eating seafood because the fat is better
           absorbed by the body and it comes with many other nutrients. Many modern diets aren't high enough in
           Omega-3 oils to realize optimum health benefits. That's why various types of seafood should be included
           in weekly diets.

           I know that is a lot of health info but I have heard the Governor comment several times about her passion
           for seafood and a healthy diet and lifestyle so you may find these useful. There is a lot more at



            11/10/2009

                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0000675
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                        Page 2 of 2


            www.alaskaseafood . org if this is not enough . I would be happy to develop this line further if you think if of value.

            I also suggest you take a look at the Governor 's CD that she did for the Boston Seafood show . The sound bites in
            there were right on target and it was very well received at the Alaska reception at the show . Speaking of the show
            it would be good to recognize that the two top winners at the new products showcase came from our Alaska
            companies : Trident Seafood for its Tataki Sockeye Salmon and, most exciting of all, Cold Smoked Halibut from
            Diamond Lodge Smokehouse in King Salmon Alaska . Our largest and one of our very smallest companies both
            came home big winners in Boston . This speaks volumes to the creativity and innovative efforts of our entire
            Alaska Seafood industry.

            The fraudulent use of our Alaska name is a problem that concerns us because we want our customers to know
            they are getting the real thing . We expect the federal government to enforce labeling laws in the U . S. and other
            countries to the same overseas. We also hope that the media will continue its watch dog role and ferret out these
            illegally labeled products . It is very frustrating for Alaska to produce such wonderful seafood then have someone
            substitute another product in its place . It cheats the customer and it cheats our seafood industry who work so
            very hard , often in very dangerous conditions to bring Alaska seafood to the customer.

            In addition , the Governor should be ready to respond to Privileged or Personal Material Redacted
            Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




            I haven't commented on the harvest as I expect ADF &G will do that but if you need that from us please let me
            know.


            Meghan N . Stapleton
            Communications Director
            Office of Governor Sarah Palin
            907.269.7450 0
            907.269.7463 f
            907.321.4975 c




             11/10/2009
                                                                                                                        PRA GSP01_0000676
