  Unknown

  From :      Fagerstrom, Erika (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
              GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=EFAGERSTROM]
  Sent:       Wednesday, July 11, 2007 12:28 PM
  To:         Todd Palin
  Subject : RE: TA for Fairbanks 3/6
  Hello Todd,

  Hope fishing in Dillingham is going well and you're enjoying your summer! I just have a few things to ask you and
  a couple of FYIs to fill you in on.

  Mail:
  Would you like me to open the mail addressed to you that looks like it 's First Gentleman stuff and process
  things like the recipe request, etc... And just send you the mail that looks like it's personal or something that
  you'd want? I could send you a copy of what I process, so that you're in the loop- Whatever you think works is just
  fine with me. I've been collecting the mail and the mail room is sending it over to Anch. once a week- hopefully
  that's working out okay.

 TAs
 I went over the information you sent with the travel gal, Mary Lou, to make sure I wasn't missing any TAs for you.
 I'll send you the completed ones for your signature . IF any corrections need to be made just let me know- as
 they're still a work in progress until they 're signed with your approval. I'll put them in a self-addressed envelope and
 you can either drop them in the mail or at the Anch . office (state system). Also send over any receipts or boarding
 passes that you might have.

 When you (or the kids) travel over 50miles and are gone for more then 12hours- then a TA is created for that
 trip.                  Mile allowance: for personal vehicles- your reimbursement is based on mileage; for state
 vehicles- there's no reimbursement, as state credit card is used (save fuel receipts for reimbursement when pd. out-
 of-pocket). I do need to know your mileage though because when the 50mi. and 12 hr. combo takes place you are
 eligible for per diems.

 Let me know what time you depart and return for these events/functions, as well as who is requesting your
 attendance (whether it ' s the Governor or a particular group, etc ...). This will help me make sure that you're
 receiving ALL of the per diems and compensation that you're due. I hope this makes sense and isn't too big of a
 hassle. Thanks for the last schedule update!

 MISC
 We'll be changing the pass code for the House sometime, so I'll need a 4 digit code- but no hurry. It's a construction
 zone here, with all of the work being done on the windows. It's good to see progress! The dining room burgandy
 curtains are really faded. Would you mind if next month I start looking into replacement options? I'm thinking
 (hoping) that by August I might have my archiving almost done and hopefully this window project will be wrapping
 up- so I could start focusing on some interior work...

 I think that's it for now. Let me know if you need anything. Tell the kids HI for me and that I miss them!!

 Take care,

 Erika




                                                                                                          ROSTON 00652

  10/15/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
  Erika Fagerstrom
  Executive Residence Manager & Assistant to the First Gentleman
  Governor's House
  State of Alaska, Office of the Governor
  716 Calhoun Avenue, Juneau, Alaska 99801
  Phone: 907-465-3500; Fax: 907-465-2031


  -----Original Message-----
  From: Todd Palin [mailto:fek9wnrnyahoo.coml
  Sent: Wednesday, June 20, 2007 4:46 PM
  To: Fagerstrom, Erika (GOV)
  Subject: Re: TA for Fairbanks 3/6




  6/1/07 drove to Anchorage with Governor,I worked on Governors schedule with Kris Perry,attended James Mason funeral
  with the Gov

  we drove out to Wasilla and attended Rosco Wilke funeral. 120 miles driven in state truck

  6/2 drove to Anchorage from Wasilla with the Gov to Fly to Dillingham.I also flew to New Stuyahok with Gov.Flew back to
  Dillinham for the blessing of the fleet activities,see Gov schedule.55 miles in state rig

 6/3 flew from Dillingham to King Salmon,see Govs schedule,return to Anchorage and drove to Wasilla 55 miles driven in
 state rig

 6/4 drove to Anchorage, we had dinner with Governor of Washington. 55 miles driven state truck

 6/6 drove to Fairbanks with Gov,we stopped by Talkeetna to look at Su Valley high fire damage, I was with Gov at all
 events 370 miles driven in state rig.

 6/7 attended DNR fire press release in Fairbanks,drove to Wasilla, 370 miles driven in state rig.

 6/8 drove Gov to Anchorage to catch flight to South Dakota.Tara Jolly Deputy commissioner department of labor and my self
 stopped by Grace High School to observe the CSI Alaska class.We than drove to Seward to participate in ribbon cutting
 ceremony for AVTEC new Connected ED building,we also watched 80 students graduate.420 miles driven on state rig.
 Wasilla to Seward to Wasilla

 6/9 drove to Anchorage and picked up Willow

 6/13 drove to Soldotna with Gov for the global foods awards 420 miles driven in state rig,Willow and Piper went as well.

 6/15 cabinet mtg in Wasilla,I attended some of it.
 we had a picnic at our house after cabinet meetings.

 this should help

 do I receive mile allowance.

 Todd
 --- Erika Fagerstrom
 <erika fagerstrom @gov.state . ak.us> wrote:

 > Hi Todd,

 > Did you go to Fairbanks for the Governor's picnic?
 > If you did what events
 > did you attend and did you stay at Pikes overnight?

                                                                                                        ROSTON 00653
  10/15/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
 > I just need to make
 > sure I get your TAs done for your travel, so we can get the
 > reirnbursements.
 > The last time I spoke to you about direct deposit for your
 > reimbursement checks, you weren't interested, but the folks at travel
 > thought you did want direct deposit. Just want to make sure that I've
 > got it right.

 > Thanks,

 > Erika



 > Erika Fagerstrom
 > Executive Residence Manager & Assistant to the First Gentleman
 > Governor's House State of Alaska, Office of the Governor
 > 716 Calhoun Avenue, Juneau, Alaska 99801
 > Phone: 907-465-3500; Fax: 907-465-2031




 Take the Internet to Go: Yahoo! Go puts the Internet in your pocket: mail, news, photos & more.
 http://mobile.yahoo.com/jzo?refer=l GNXIC




                                                                                                   ROSTON 00654
 10/15/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
