Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                         Page 1 of 1


             Unknown
              From :    Mike Tibbles [mike tibbles c@gov. state.ak.us]
             Sent:     Sunday , March 18, 2007 1:36 PM
             To:       'Sarah Palin ; Bitney ; John W (LAA); Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Nizich; Michael A (GOV); Sharon W
                       Leighow; Meghan N Stapleton
             Subject: RE: transition reports
             Governor,

             The article was flat wrong. I don't think that it was worthy of even an opinion piece let alone a news
             article. It claimed we only released the reports after an appeal and without the description of the PFD
             problem. It also quoted Tkacz and Becca Braun as some newsworthy source . I would like to ask the
             Juneau to defend their claim and when they can not, print a retraction . If you look at the initial reports that
             were release, it fully described the problem and the cost to the state to correct it.

             We will finalize a plan of action at our senior staff strategy meeting first thing in the morning.
             Mike


            From: Sarah Palin [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]
            Sent: Sunday, March 18, 2007 1:27 PM
            To: john_bitney@gov.state.ak.us; Kristina Y Perry; mike_tibbles@gov.state.ak.us; luckie@mtaonline.net;
            mike_nizich@gov.state.ak.us; sharon_leighow@gov.state.ak.us; meghan_stapleton@gov.state.ak.us
            Subject: transition reports

            JB and Mike, et al:
            Still not quite sure what the issue is that the Juneau Empire covered today with the "Transition
            Reports Being Held From the Public"-gist article (Perm Fund Division issue from back in
            July?)... but the gist of the article is so disappointing because it's 180-degrees from where I want
            to be with information deserving to be seen by the public. (Sen. Dyson was mentioned in this
            article, so John - please let Dyson know I was not (and will not be) purposefully withholding any
            information. Please let me know when you've contacted Dyson on this issue for me so I don't
            duplicate the effort.)

            Meg - if there's something you can do to help un-do the records withholding issue that at least
            three reporters are sort of up-in-arms about, please do so.

            I campaigned on open and transparent government - I don't know why the issue covered in the
            article today was ever NOT made public... it's not a mistake that was made on our watch, so why
            try to hide it anyway?

            Please let me know where you guys are going with this to help correct the mistake that was made
            in not releasing this part of a transition report. Look forward to knowing what we're doing to un-
            do it, thanks!




            Bored stiff? Loosen up...
            Download and play hundreds of games for free on Yahoo! Games.




            11/10/2009

                                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0000699
