Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                     Page 1 of 2


            Unknown

             From :    Sarah Palin [gov.sarah@yahoo.com]
             Sent:     Wednesday, March 21, 2007 4:02 PM
             To:       Lloyd; Denby S (DFG)
             Subject: RE: FYI - Mat Su Sport Fishery
            thanks Denby - there's sure a lot of passion in these fisheries circles.

            i admire your great efforts here!

            Denby Lloyd <denby_lloy4lflshgame.state.akus> wrote:

              Thanks for the heads up Governor.

              I have spoken with Bruce a number of times, as has John Hilsinger and Kelly Hepler (directors of
              commercial fisheries and sport fish). While I don't concur with him that we are ignoring the
              Yentna, I understand his concerns. Our discussions have been vigorous but amiable.

              Of course, Bruce's position is exactly opposed to that of Doug Blossom, Dave Martin, and many
              commercial fishermen in Cook Inlet that you've been hearing from, who believe that we are not
              doing enough to promote full commercial utilization of Cook Inlet salmon.

              These are extremely tough questions, with strong polarized viewpoints out in the public.
               From the department we can address the science (although not to everyone 's satisfaction ), but it
              is the Board of Fisheries who gets to make the difficult public policy choices on what uses
              (commercial, sport, personal use, etc.) are favored by their specific regulatory management
              plans.

              The emergency meeting of the Board of Fisheries on April 16 regarding the Cook Inlet salmon
              management plans will be very contentious , with drift gill net, set gill net, Kenai sport, and
              Susitna sport interests all at odds with one another.

              DL.


             Denby S. Lloyd
             Commissioner
             Alaska Department of Fish and Game
             P.O. Box 115526
             Juneau, AK 99811-5526
             907-465-4719




              From: Sarah Palin [mailto:gov.sarah @yahoo.com]
             Sent: Tuesday, March 20, 2007 6:26 PM
             To: denby_Iloyd@fishgame.state. ak.us; mike_tibbles@gov.state.ak.us;
             john-bitney@gov.state.ak.us
             Subject: FYI - Mat Su Sport Fishery

             Bruce Knowles from Mat_Su Fish Advisory insists Yetna, Fish Creek escapements are
             being ignored by F & G.

             He wants this addressed. He insists F & G is "all Comm fish ". They're very concerned.

             He's threatening , or promising : " Emergency petition for escapement goals will be



            11/10/2009

                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0000744
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                           Page 2 of 2


             submitted for the April 16 meeting (B of F), in the next couple of days."

             This is also coming from Wayne Ross, evidently. (Per Mr. Knowles.)

             Just got off the phone with him. He's ticked.

             FYI - phone call I made to him was a courtesy to Wayne Ross - and the phone call didn't go very
             well.




             Don't pick lemons.
             See all the new 2007 cars at Yahoo! Autos.



           Get your own web address.
           Have a HUGE year through Yahoo! Small Business.




            11/10/2009

                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0000745
