Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                     Page 1 of 2


            Unknown
            From :      Meghan Stapleton [meghan_stapieton@gov.state . ak.us]
            Sent :      Friday, March 23, 2007 8:35 AM
            To;      'Sarah Palin'; Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
            Subject: FW: An email I got from Dan Fagan
            FYI only. To keep in the back of your minds as we move forward and prove him wrong.



            Meghan N. Stapleton
            Communications Director
            Office of Governor Sarah Palin
            907.269.7450 o
            907.269.7463 f
            907.321.4975 c


            From : Patrick Galvin [ mailto:patrick_galvin@revenue.state.ak.us]
            Sent: Friday, March 23, 2007 7:37 AM
            To: Sharon Leighow; Meghan Stapleton ; joe_balash @gov.state.ak.us; john_bitney@ gov.state.ak.us
            Subject: FW: An email I got from Dan Fagan

            So much for Dan Fagan turning a corner...

            -Pat


           From: Rep. Beth Kerttula [mailto:RepresentativeBeth_Kerttula@legis.state.ak.us]
           Sent: Friday, March 23, 2007 7:06 AM
           To: john_bitney@gov.state.ak.us; patrick_galvln@revenue.state.ak.us; tom_irwin@dnr.state.ak.us;
           marty-rutherford@dnr.state.ak.us
           Cc: Chris_Clark@gov.state.ak.us; Lisa Weissler; Hannah McCarty; Frank Ameduri
           Subject: An email I got from Dan Fagan

            Do you suppose TRex put him up to this??? Ugh. Beth


           From: dan fagan [mailto:dan@kfqd.com]
           Sent: Fri 3/23/2007 5:25 AM
           To: Rep. Beth Kerttula
           Subject:

           Legislators, where is your courage ? Many of you know Governor Sarah Palin 's anti free market Alaska
           gas line inducement act or A . G.I.A significantly delays the project and is almost certainly a road to
           litigation. .

           The governor says she believes in competition , but refuses to recognize the three major producers,
           Exxon, Bp, and Conoco Philips have already legally , fairly, and legitimately competed for the rights to get
           our gas to market. They paid millions for the rights and frankly it's worked out well for the state. As a
           result of the leases the industry has spent more than 50 -billion dollars in infrastructure in Alaska and
           they've pumped more than 70-billion dollars into our state coffers . 70-billion . Our partnership with the
           industry has also made us the richest state in the nation and given us a thriving economy. And now that
           prices and lower forty demand make it economically viable to start moving our gas to market, our
           governor refuses to sit across the table with the gas lease holders and negotiate . Amazing ! Legislators,
           you know this is wrong and yet you lack the courage to say so.




            11/10/2009

                                                                                                                    PRA_GSP01_0000770
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                      Page 2 of 2


           The dog and pony show allowing a couple of the governor's bureaucrats to pick a pipeline company to build the
           largest construction project in North American history and then demand the producers foot the bill for it is absurd.
           A.G.I.A. is a classic case of putting the cart before the horse . All under the guise of being tough on big oil.
           Legislators you know this. Why remain silent? I know the governor is wildly popular . I know going against her will
           cost you with the public. But what about the future of the state?

           Legislators , you know without the three producers there is no deal . No Pipeline . The big three must agree to ship
           the gas they have lease rights to down the pipeline. They are taking the majority of the risk . Legislators you know
           this. You know you know this.

           Time continues to go by , the price of steal rises , planners who project ten years ahead in the lower forty - eight are
           forced to look at other options than Alaska for their future gas needs . All this while the oil flowing through the
           Alyeska pipeline diminishes at a significant rate. Lawmakers what will you do then? When the money runs out.

           More than a year has passed since anyone from the state sat across the table from the producers in serious
           negotiations . February 20th 2006 . That's the day former Governor Frank Murkowski got producers to agree to a
           contract for fiscal terms . Rejecting Governor Murkowski 's deal with the producers may have had merit. But
           completely cutting off negotiations with the lease holders , is that really were we should be right now? Think about
           it. Maybe negotiations will reveal the big three unreasonable and we'll have to sue and take the leases back. But
           let's find out now, not years from now.

           Despite the belief of some, our governor Is capable of taking a stand . Remember her fully backing , supporting,
           and endorsing the Port Authority's plan , with no gas, no way of getting gas , no way to ship the gas and no one to
           buy the gas . Our governor has apparently backed off her enthusiastic support of the Port Authority' s go no where
           scheme . Legislators it is your job to push her into dealing with the producers now. Not caving to them , but at the
           very least committing to sitting down with them and doing her best to get a deal . You must remind the governor
           the campaign is over , we know she's not Frank, now get down to the business of being a leader and negotiating a
           deal for a pipeline in time to offset the decline in oil production !

           Refusing to negotiate defies all logic and common sense . It borders on the bizarre . Lawmakers you know this.
           Many of you have studied this issue and understand what it will take to get our gas to market. Stand up for the
           people who elected you. Stand up to a popular governor . History will vindicate you. Have some courage!

           Dan Fagan




           11/10/2009

                                                                                                                     PRA_GSP01_0000771
