Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                    Page 1 of 1



             Unknown

             From :    Mike Tibbles [mike tibbles@gov.state.ak.us]
             Sent:     Saturday, March 24, 2007 1:30 PM
             To:       Sarah Palin.
             Subject: RE: security

           I am definitely watching this one. Remember just after you were sworn in, the Lt . Gov requested trooper
           protection . We are seeing more increased spending requests from the other end of the hall than reductions.
           Also, I have requested the time sheets from the Anchorage security detail to review the hours claimed and
           overtime reported so far this administration . I am working with Nizich and I will have a plan to reduce costs soon.

           Mike Tibbles


           From : Sarah Palln [maiito :gov.sarah @yahoo.com]
           Sent: Thursday, March 22, 2007 6:44 AM
           To: john_bitney@gov.state.ak.us; mike_tibbles@gov.state.ak.us
           Subject: security

           I appreciated JB's comments yesterday about not losing what we have in the capitol bldg (ie, freedom).

           If the Lt. Gov's office will be requesting more security (sounded like it from Sean's COS), then perhaps
           the security detail that presently sits behind the Gov's Office closed doors should move further out in the
           hallway so he can keep an eye on Sean's office too. (If that's what his COS was basically requesting.)
           This, at the most, would be acceptable in my state budget.

           I do not advocate for additional security detail. You guys know how I feel about the need for my own
           security detail, and until we see additional efficiencies in the Gov's security detail, I'll keep pushing to
           cut my own. Just FYI - but let me know if you hear any rumblings about requests for increases there -
           and I'll offer to cut mine to provide Sean some.




           The fish are biting.
           Get more visitors on your site using Yahoo! Search Marketing.




           8/25/2009

                                                                                                                    PRA_GSP01_0000788
