Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                               Page 1 of 1



            Unknown

             From :   Ivy Frye [Ivy Frye@gov.state .ak.us]
             Sent:    Tuesday, March 27, 2007 7:34 AM
             To:      Sarah Palin
             Subject: Privileged or 9

           Hi Ivy,

           Please keep my comments confidential.

          In my opinion, we have to consider the long range plan for the state and determine if the bridge is
          needed and how it will be funded. If the federal government is now not interested in appropriating any
          more funds, then we need to determine whether the two proposals received for financing the bridge
          make sense. Meaning, if we fund this with private funding and the state must guarantee the repayment,
          then we need to consider what will be the toll charge necessary to repay the debt, and is that a realistic
          toll charge that the public will be willing to pay how long until we can expect the bridge to be at a break
          even. There are toll bridges all over the lower 48. So this is not a "new" thing. What is different is that
          our population base is much lower and therefore we must look closely at whether the public can back
          such a project without federal funds.

          We all know that Anchorage has run out of developable land. It's only a matter of time when it will be
          imperative that the bridge be built so that Anchorage can grow. The longer we delay the project, the
          more it will cost and we will end up having some of the same issues that Sara is dealing with now
          regarding the gas pipeline.

          Having said all of that, the other issue is timing. Given the Governor's priorities, is this something that
          she wants championed at this time? If so and Sara wants me to serve, I will absolutely be willing. She
          knows my talents and giftings. I am willing to serve where she thinks those talents and gifts can be used
          best. Let her know if she wants to talk to me, or just leave me a secure message, to call my direct
          number atPrivileged It's my direct number and the voice mail is secure. It also rings to my cell phone
          if I am not at my desk.
                         Privileged or
          All my best,



          Ivy Frye
          Director of Boards and Commissions
          Office of Governor Sarah Palin
          (907) 465-3500 office
          (907) 465-8110 fax




          8/26/2009
                                                                                                               PRA GSPO1_0000804
