Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                            Page 1 of 1



             Unknown

             From :   Mike Tibbles [mike_tibbles@ gov.state.ak.us]
             Sent:    Tuesday, March 27, 2007 2:37 PM
             To:      Sarah Palin
             Subject: FW: Gov. Palin US Vice President?

           FYI


           From: Gerad Godfrey [mailto :geradg@ gmail.com]
           Sent: Tuesday, March 27, 2007 5:53 AM
           To: mike tbbles@gov. state.ak.us
           Subject: Gov. Palin US Vice President?

           Mike,

            FYI, (assuming you didn't know) your boss is making noise and making an impression on the national
            scene. Michael Medved, a nationally syndicated radio host, yesterday recommended her as a Vice
            President nominee to go on the Republican Presidential Ticket in order to counter the likely Democratic
           ticket which will include either a female, African American, or both. He told his audience, of more than
           2.5 million listeners, that the Republican Party should seriously consider Sarah Palin who is the
           Governor of Alaska as she is remarkably dynamic and charismatic. Then he stated one other person the
           party should consider, a guy in the states who is some congressman (or somebody like that) who
           happened to be very competent and was American Indian or maybe Hispanic, don't know for sure, I was
           too busy being impressed with the fact that our Governor had made such an impression on him. I am
           sure you know who Micheal Medved is but I do not know if you get his show in Juneau. He is a heavy
           hitter Republican and political pundit who is exceptionally intelligent. He used to guest host for Rush
           Limbaugh all the time and that led to him getting his own show which is now broadcast on 200 stations
           nationwide. He is consistently listed as one of the top 20 talk show hosts nationwide and top 10 in the
           political talk show category. He is a regular columnist for USA Today and occasional op-ed columns in
           the Wall Street Journal.

           My point? You have a boss that has not only arrived on the state scene but on the national scene as well
           and 2.5 million more people know who she is today than knew who she was yesterday. You sure
          know how to pick a boss Mike. Then again, for all I know, the RNC may have contacted her long ago
          about this. Good for her, you and Alaska because that kind of exposure can't hurt the state whether
          anything tangible comes from it or not. You guys are doing a great job.

          Take care and keep up the good fight.

          gerad godfrey




          8/27/2009

                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0000805
