Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Unknown
        From :                    Sarah Palin [gov.sarah@yahoo.com]
        Sent :                    Wednesday, March 28, 2007 9:36 PM
        To:                       Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Bitney; John W (GOV); Balash; Joseph R (GOV)
        Subject:                  FW: Helping put the pieces to together


        Confidential pls, from a buddy who for some reason thinks we're not quite there
        w/legisators ... Don't hold this against this person - let's use it as motivation for more
        outreach . Thanks!



        Sarah Palin



        -----Original Message-----

        Subject: Helping put the pieces to together



        Governor --



        I hope you have a little time to read this email. Please review my remarks with the
        intent in which it was written: to see YOU succeed and to listen to the nay sayers eat
        their words!



       First and foremost, I'd like to share some serious concerns regarding the progression of
       AGIA.  I hope I don't need to say that I'm 100% on your side. You stated you want to know
       what is going on so I would feel awful if I didn't share what I know.



       There is a lot of rumblings in the legislature that AGIA may not make it due to those who
       are opposed to the idea and will block its passage. And, recently, we have heard of some
       that are slipping from being more favorable to less favorable which is not the direction
       we need.  Governor, there are strategies which can and should be implemented now that will
       improve the chance of success of passing AGIA this session. These strategies definitely
       require time and dedication from your staff but if they work on it every day, opening
       communication lines with certain legislators, finding out needs of others, working on
       compromises with some and getting others up into your office, repeatedly if necessary are
       essential parts of success. Unfortunately, this does not seem to be happening.



       My greatest fear is that if it gets started too late there won't be enough time to put all
       the pieces together.  Governor, you have a great team explaining and defending your plan
       to the committees. It is the element of political strategy and management missing from
       the project.



       It is difficult to write everything out but I know of folks who would be incredible.
       resources and of course I am always willing to share my opinions and strategies with you.
       The timeline is everything and it just continues to march along. There are many people
       besides myself who share these concerns and the desire to see your Administration grow and
       strengthen.


                                                               1




                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01 _0000809
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        On a separate note -- the ocean ranger bill .    I know in the press conference you shared
        your belief that Alaskan voters are educated and knew what they were voting on. You
        stated you ' d like to see the initative remain intact and be funded .  Today in House
        Judiciary , Rep Ramras introduced an amendment creating a fund to keep the ocean safe.
        This fund is not in the initative and is from what most can tell a new concept .    Ramras
        shared , off the record , that John Bitney okayed the amendment following your press
        release .   We want be sure you are okay with the change since it will come up for a vote
        next week .   At first glance , I was surprised you approved so that's why we're double
        checking.



        Governor , planned strategies are necessary to get such a large project as AGIA with its
        many diverse opinions and leaders passed in just one session .   A call to action is really
        imperative .  There are real deficiencies Iwith real examples ) that will thwart your best
        intended efforts -- if you have time for a cup of coffee , let's talk very soon!



        This is your time! My best to you and your family always.




                                                      2




                                                                                                 PRA GSP01_0000810
