Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




       Unknown
       From:                     Mike Tibbles [mike tibbles@gov.state.ak.us]
       Sent:                     Thursday, March 29, 2007 10:35 PM
       To:                       Sarah Palin
       Subject:                  Phone message


       I just listened to your voice message from last night.                  I am not sure why I did not see it
       earlier.



       Anyway, I was in the hallway when Ramras was talking to Bitney. Jay explained his idea of
       using some of the ocean ranger money to clean up beaches and the ocean. His view is that
       it would be very consistent with the intent of the people in the vote. John did indicate
       any support while I was there. Jay requested we at least read his material and talk to
       you.  We did agree to that and I noticed that Jay left some paper for me to read today. I
       have not had a chance to read them.



       Mike



       -----Original Message-----

       From: "Sarah Palin" <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

       To: meghan_stapleton@gov.state.ak.us; kari_spencer@gov.state.ak.us; "Kristina Y Perry"
       <kris_perry®gov.state.ak.us>

       Sent: 3/29/07 9:19 AM

       Subject: volunteer speech



       Kari - pis check may 4 (I think the caller just said that date) for a volunteer dinner
       that I've been invited to in Wasilla - a Correspondence School event where I was invited
       to speak - the gal (Janis Bishop 373-3570, 745- 5461) called my house this morning b/c she
       heard I was in town - said she's tried to get confirmation from our offices that I would
       or would not be able to speak at their dinner - told her I didn't know what sched. was
       that day, said someone would get back with her soon. (I haven't heard of this request)



         Kris - I'm trying to get into town - can leave as soon as this phone stops ringing and a
       few more emails get sent. Then to funeral - if it goes long then I'll be late for
       diversity meeting, but tell them the funeral was my priority.



         Meg - would you find out what the ballot language was the past two times voters said NO
       to airborne wolf hunts? Did it apply to fish and game managers - or just hunters? My son
       said he saw some ad that claims I broke promise to "do will of people" with my pred.
       control stance b/c voters already said NO to the practice.




                                                               1




                                                                                                          PRA_GSP01_0000825
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        No need to miss a message . Get email on-the-go

        with Yahoo ! Mail for Mobile. Get started.




                                                       2




                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0000826
