Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Unknown
        From:                     Governor Sarah Palin [govemor@gov.state.ak.us]
        Sent:                     Friday, March 30 , 2007 2:44 PM
        To:                       fishingjobs@aol.com
        Subject:                  RE: Boards-and-Commissions


        Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
        information you

        have sent are important and valuable to the Governor.                Although she is unable to respond
        to each and

        every email herself, your message has been received and is being reviewed by the
        appropriate staff person

        in this office who can best address your need, suggestion, or comment.



        -----Original Message-----

        From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

        Sent : Thursday, March 29, 2007 5:21 PM

        To: governor@gov.state.ak.us

        Subject: Boards-and-Commissions



        Web mail from: Ms. Victoria Raustein

        address: POB 574 King Salmon AK 99613



        MESSAGE:

        Gov. Palin:

       I am making a last minute appeal for you to choose Mr. Webster, set net permit and Board
       of Fish

        candidate from King Salmon, as your appointee for the Board of Fish.

        I have found Mr. Webster to be fair minded, even when you do not agree with him, open to
        suggestion and

       some one who supports the resource of salmon fishing in the state. He understands the
       multiply sides

       needed to serve well and contribute to the overall welfare of our resource, throughout the
       state.

       He does not take a "one gear type " stand on issues , as I have observed him in committee
       meetings at the

       Board of Fish.

       He is well rounded in the concerns of those who rely on fishing but do not fish. He is
       well acquainted


                                                               I




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0000831
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        with borough and state government workings. I believe you could not do better to pick this
        independent

        but opened minded man for the Board of Fish and do much to assist the 'east side' of
        Bristol Bay feel

        that they can contribute to the overall well being of our salmon fishing resource!

        Thank you for your time and service,

        Victoria Raustein

        Permit Holder - Bristol Bay




        fishingjobs@aol.com




                                                      2




                                                                                                 PRA GSP01_0000832
