Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
        From :                     Governor Sarah Palin [governor@ gov.state.ak.us]
        Sent:                      Monday, April 02, 2007 2:54 PM
        To:                        johnwanek@hotmail.com
        Subject:                   RE: Health-Care


        Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin .                 The concerns , opinions ,      and/or
        information you

        have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is unable to respond
        to each and

        every email herself, your message has been received and is being reviewed by the
        appropriate staff person

        in this office who can best address your need, suggestion, or comment.



        -----Original Message-----

        From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

        Sent: Monday, April 02, 2007 7:16 AM

        To: governor@gov.state.ak.us

        Subject: Health-Care



        Web mail from: Mr. John Wanek

        address: 17642 Toakoana Way Eagle River AX 99577



        MESSAGE:

       This is a second request for consideration of placement as a member of Governor Palin's
       Alaska Health

       Strategies Planning Council.            As the current President of the Alaska Pharmacist
       Association and a strong

       supporter of Governor Palin's administration, I am hopeful of being able to serve in a
       capacity to give

       pharmacies input in the development of a healthcare strategy for the 21st century.
       Additionally, I am

       practicing pharmacist at the Veteran's Adminstration and so I can bring a different
       viewpoint to the

       discussion from other healthcare providers.                  The federal government is having more and
       more impact on the

       provision of healthcare at the state level due to the Budget Deficit Reduction act. As a
       federal

       pharmacist I can speak to the use of formularies and other strategies for cost reduction
       while


                                                                1




                                                                                                          PRA_GSPOI_0000852
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        maintaining excellant access and quality personalized care.             Walter Reed may have had
        problems, but the

        Alaska VA is a top notch institution with excellant patient/veteran sat!

        isfaction.  Finally, I would urge you to consider more than one pharmacist on this panel
        and I know that

        both Bill Altland and Sharon Hamrick could bring another valued viewpoint to the Council
        unique to their

        practice sites.       Bill is a private community pharmacist working in a small community and
        Sharon has been

        a pharmacit for the State of Alaska for a number of years with expertise in Pandemic
        preparation and

        Public Health.      All of us are qualified so any will be an excellant choice to bring
        pharmacies

        perspective to plans for the future of healthcare. Thank you Governor for open and
        responsive

        government . As I told you at the Governors Inaugural Ball at the Egan Center, the
        pharmacists of Alaska

        are behind you 100%.



        johnwanek@hotmail.com

        PLEASE ADD TO E-NEWS




                                                         2




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0000853
