Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                   Page 1 of 3



             Unknown

             From :      Kris Perry [kris_perry@gov.state .ak.us]
             Sent:       Monday , April 02, 2007 4:44 PM
             To:         'Meghan Stapleton'; 'Sarah Palin ; 'Sean Parnell'; Irwin; Tom E (DNR)
             Subject: RE: FW Nome, Nova Gold Projects for mining industry

           I'm not even sure that I referred to anything other than you encountered mechanical difficulties. Meg, is someone
           designated to reply to her email? If so, I would correct the statement about the jet. If you need any help, let me
           know.

           Also, she was not the reporter. She, along with the others that were present , was opposed to Nova Gold, the
           permitting and public input process. I wouldn't call what occurred an "interview".


           From: Meghan Stapleton [mailto :meghan Stapleton @gov.state.ak.us]
           Sent: Monday, April 02, 2007 4:20 PM
           To: 'Sarah Palin '; 'Sean Parnell '; Tom Irwin'
           Cc: 'Kristin Y Perry'
           Subject: RE: FW: Nome, Nova Gold Projects for mining industry

           She is not a reporter - I believe an opponent to the mine.

           Meghan N . Stapleton
           Communications Director
           Office of Governor Sarah Palin
           907.269.7450 o
           907.269.7463 f
           907.321.4975 c


          From: Sarah Palin [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]
          Sent: Monday, April 02, 2007 4:17 PM
          To: Meghan Stapleton; Sean Parnell; Tom Irwin
          Cc: Kristina Y Perry
          Subject: Re: FW: Nome, Nova Gold Projects for mining Industry

          I'll read all her info in a bit here, but right off the bat - does she know we don't fly in "the jet"?

          Is she a reporter?

          Meghan Stapleton <meghan stapleton@gov state.akus> wrote:
             FYI below.
             Meghan N . Stapleton
             Communications Director
             Office of Governor Sarah Palin
             907.269.7450 a
             907.269.7463 f
             907.321.4975 c



            From: Karen McLane [mailto:gusskimo@yahoo.com]
            Sent: Saturday, March 31, 2007 6:35 PM
            To: Governor Sarah Palin; sean_parnell@gov.state.ak.us
            Subject: Nome, Nova Gold Projects for mining industry




           8/25/2009
                                                                                                                   P RAGS P01 _0000864
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                          Page 2 of 3


            Hello to both you, Madam Governor and Lt Governor Parnell,

            We didn't have much time to talk at the interview here in Nome Saturday 1515-1545 (Madam
            Governor, you were stuck in Anchorage waiting for a mechanical problem with the jet when the
            Lt Governor met with myself, Sue Steinacher, Karen Olanna, Dian Haecker, and Nancy
            McGuire the two latter being from the Nome Nugget, the three former being members or board
            members of the Bering Straits Citizens for Responsible Resource Development.

            I wanted to be sure that you had a firm understanding of the issue we are having with the fast
            tracking of permits and being blindsided without proper public notification of applications that
            NovaGold and its subsidiary Alaska Gold Company are putting forth to mine for gold in our
            home.

            First, The Rock Creek Mine: The community of Nome knew about a mine that was going to be
             started at the site prior to the permitting process in August of 2005, but what we did not know
             was that the mine would be using sodium cyanide to leach the gold ore. The public notice period
            was short and there was nothing said about the use of cyanide in the public notice, so naturally
            the residents of Nome were not concerned. Only after we found out about the use of sodium
            cyanide did we become greatly concerned, but by that time the public hearing process was
            closed. There were already members of the community who were communicating back and forth
            re: what was happening. These people became the Board Members of the Bering Straits Citizens
            for Responsible Resource Development. We, in no way, want to stop mining in Nome. Nome
            has a rich history of gold mining. What we seek is to have it mined in a responsible manner. If
            you received my CD with the powerpoint presentation and notes you will now know the other
            side of the coin. The industry (Nova Gold Resources) will tell our legislatures that they intend on
            mining responsibly, however, the mere use of sodium cyanide does not fill me with confidence
            that the company is in fact wanting to mine responsibly and be a steward of the environment.

            The Rock Creek site is only part of the story. It is the site where the sodium cyanide using the
            Forrest/MacCarthur method of gold extraction will take place. Big Hurrah is the other end of this
           project. It is another mine site located approx 50 road miles West of Rock Creek. This site has
           already been contaminated with sodium cyanide left over from the operation by The Dallas
           Company in the late 1950s. The discovery of the leaking cyanide barrels was brought forth by
           Pearl Johnson, who owns a fish camp downstream from the mine in Solomon, who contacted the
           AK Dept of Environmental Conservation to investigate in August of 1981. It remains a
           contaminated site, which Charlotte McCay of Bristol Engineering is supposed to be addressing
           with the situation with the ADEC's Doug Bauer. She had until March 30th, 2007 to respond. I
           will check the database to see if she did respond. Ore from the Big Hurrah location will be
           trucked back to the Rock Creek location for milling (there are separate issues with this process
           not addressed in the permitting of the Rock Creek site).

           This has all been playing out since 2005 with BSC for RRD's litigation against the Army Corp
           of Engineering taking the permitting process for the Rock Creek site back to the starting block. .
           And, as Sue stated, the permit being pulled by the Army Corp of Engineering leaving the judge
           no choice but to drop the case, leaving the Army Corp of Engineering the leeway to reinstate the
           permit, again with no public comment period.

           March 2007:
           Now, we have another issue to deal with and the same permitting process falling to the wayside
           in regards to the exploration of and eventual placer mining of Dry Creek, which runs directly
           behind my home, my mother's home, my brother's home and several other people's homes in Icy


          8/25/2009

                                                                                                          PRA GSP01 _0000865
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                            Page 3 of 3


             View where the noise and possible air, water and soil disturbances would make life very difficult
             for us as residents of this area. And again, the fact that Nova Gold plans on having heavy
             machinery running from 0600 to 2200 from June 15 to October 31st right behind the hospital
             facilities we have here in Nome. This will disturb the recovering patients in the hospital as well
             as our elders who stay at the Quyanna Care Center, a long term care facility attached to the
             hospital for elders and those who are disabled and unable to be taken care of adequately at home.
             Being a Nurse Practitioner working for my patient's well being I can honestly say that if this
             operation is permitted I will lose sleep during the season and times of operation . And again, no
             public notice was sent out to any of the newspapers, Post Office or City offices along with the
             application for the mining of Dry Creek.

             Hope this is helpful in putting all of this information into perspective for you.

             Most sincerely,

            Karen McLane FNP-C
            P.O. Box 1169
            Nome, AK 99762
            gusskimo@yahoo.com
            kmclane@nshcorp.org

            P.S. If you check out the Dry Creek Project on Nova Gold's Website...the photo they use is at
            least 30 years old. There are more homes in Icy View than that photo depicts.
            hp://www.novagold.net/s/NomeProjects.as-12

            As always, I do not represent Norton Sound Health Corporation's view on these issues. I am a
            private resident of Nome and have been since 1970.




          Looking for earth-friendly autos?
          Browse Top Cars by "Green Rating" at Yahoo! Autos' Green Center.




          8/25/2009

                                                                                                            PRA_GSP0I_0000866
