Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                 Page 1 of 4


            Unknown

            From:    Sarah Palin [gov.sarah©yahoo.com]
            Sent:    Tuesday, April 03, 2007 9:48 AM
            To:      PARNELL; S (GOV sponsored)
            Subject: RE: FW: Nome, Nova Gold Projects for mining industry
           Privileged or Personal Material Redacted


            Thanks, sir!

            SP

           Sean R Parnell <sr parnell@gov.state. ak.us> wrote:

              Governor
             Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




             Sean

             From: Sarah Palin [mailto :gov.sarah @yahoo.com]
             Sent: Monday, April 02, 2007 4:17 PM
             To: Meghan Stapleton; Sean Parnell ; Tom Irwin
             Cc: Kristina Y Perry
             Subject: Re: FW: Nome, Nova Gold Projects for mining industry

             I'll read all her info in a bit here, but right off the bat - does she know we don't fly in "the
             jet"?

             Is she a reporter?




            11/10/2009

                                                                                                                PRA_GSP01_0000867
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                              Page 2 of 4


              Meghan Stapleton <meghan stapleton@gov.state. akus> wrote:
                FYI below.

                Meghan N. Stapleton
                Communications Director
                Office of Governor Sarah Palin
                907.269.7450 o
                907.269.7463 f
                907.321.4975 c


                From: Karen McLane [mailto:gusskimo@yahoo.com]
                Sent: Saturday, March 31, 2007 6:35 PM
                To: Governor Sarah Palin; sean_parnell@gov.state.ak.us
                Subject: Nome, Nova Gold Projects for mining industry

                Hello to both you, Madam Governor and Lt Governor Parnell,

                We didn't have much time to talk at the interview here in Nome Saturday 1515-1545
                (Madam Governor, you were stuck in Anchorage waiting for a mechanical problem with
                the jet when the Lt Governor met with myself, Sue Steinacher, Karen Olanna, Dian
                Haecker, and Nancy McGuire the two latter being from the Nome Nugget, the three
                former being members or board members of the Bering Straits Citizens for Responsible
                Resource Development.

                I wanted to be sure that you had a firm understanding of the issue we are having with the
                fast tracking of permits and being blindsided without proper public notification of
                applications that NovaGold and its subsidiary Alaska Gold Company are putting forth to
                mine for gold in our home.

                First, The Rock Creek Mine: The community of Nome knew about a mine that was
                going to be started at the site prior to the permitting process in August of 2005, but what
                we did not know was that the mine would be using sodium cyanide to leach the gold ore.
                The public notice period was short and there was nothing said about the use of cyanide
                in the public notice, so naturally the residents of Nome were not concerned. Only after
                we found out about the use of sodium cyanide did we become greatly concerned, but by
                that time the public hearing process was closed. There were already members of the
                community who were communicating back and forth re: what was happening. These
                people became the Board Members of the Bering Straits Citizens for Responsible
                Resource Development. We, in no way, want to stop mining in Nome. Nome has a rich
                history of gold mining. What we seek is to have it mined in a responsible manner. If you
                received my CD with the powerpoint presentation and notes you will now know the
                other side of the coin. The industry (Nova Gold Resources) will tell our legislatures that
                they intend on mining responsibly, however, the mere use of sodium cyanide does not
                fill me with confidence that the company is in fact wanting to mine responsibly and be a
                steward of the environment.

                The Rock Creek site is only part of the story. It is the site where the sodium cyanide
                using the Forrest/MacCarthur method of gold extraction will take place. Big Hurrah is
                the other end of this project. It is another mine site located approx 50 road miles West of
                Rock Creek. This site has already been contaminated with sodium cyanide left over from
                the operation by The Dallas Company in the late 1950s. The discovery of the leaking
                cyanide barrels was brought forth by Pearl Johnson, who owns a fish camp downstream



             11/10/2009
                                                                                                              PRA GSPO1 _0000868
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                              Page 3 of 4


               from the mine in Solomon, who contacted the AK Dept of Environmental Conservation
               to investigate in August of 1981 . It remains a contaminated site , which Charlotte McCay
               of Bristol Engineering is supposed to be addressing with the situation with the ADEC's
               Doug Bauer. She had until March 30th, 2007 to respond. I will check the database to see
               if she did respond . Ore from the Big Hurrah location will be trucked back to the Rock
               Creek location for milling (there are separate issues with this process not addressed in
               the permitting of the Rock Creek site).

               This has all been playing out since 2005 with BSC for RRD 's litigation against the Army
               Corp of Engineering taking the permitting process for the Rock Creek site back to the
               starting block . And, as Sue stated , the permit being pulled by the Army Corp of
               Engineering leaving the judge no choice but to drop the case , leaving the Army Corp of
               Engineering the leeway to reinstate the permit, again with no public comment period.

                March 2007:
               Now, we have another issue to deal with and the same permitting process falling to the
               wayside in regards to the exploration of and eventual placer mining of Dry Creek, which
               runs directly behind my home, my mother 's home, my brother' s home and several other
               people' s homes in Icy View where the noise and possible air, water and soil disturbances
               would make life very difficult for us as residents of this area. And again , the fact that
               Nova Gold plans on having heavy machinery running from 0600 to 2200 from June 15
               to October 31st right behind the hospital facilities we have here in Nome . This will
               disturb the recovering patients in the hospital as well as our elders who stay at the
               Quyanna Care Center , a long term care facility attached to the hospital for elders and
               those who are disabled and unable to be taken care of adequately at home . Being a Nurse
               Practitioner working for my patient' s well being I can honestly say that if this operation
               is permitted I will lose sleep during the season and times of operation . And again, no
               public notice was sent out to any of the newspapers, Post Office or City offices along
               with the application for the mining of Dry Creek.

                Hope this is helpful in putting all of this information into perspective for you.

                Most sincerely,

                Karen McLane FNP-C
                P.O. Box 1169
               Nome, AK 99762
               gusskimonyahoo.com
                      a.nshcorp.org
               kmclanen

               P.S. If you check out the Dry Creek Project on Nova Gold's Website ...the photo they use
               is at least 30 years old. There are more homes in Icy View than that photo depicts.
               httn://www.novagold .net/s/NomeProiects.asn

               As always, I do not represent Norton Sound Health Corporation's view on these issues. I
               am a private resident of Nome and have been since 1970.




              Looking for earth-friendly autos?
              Browse Top Cars by "Green Rating " at Yahoo! Autos' Green Center.


             11/10/2009
                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0000869
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                            Page 4 of 4




            We won't tell. Get more on shows you hate to love
            (and love to hate): Yahoo! TV's Guilty Pleasures list.




            11/10/2009

                                                                                                          P RAGS P01 _0000870
