Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                  Page 1 of I


            Unknown

            From:    Sarah Palin [gov. sarah @yahoo.com]
            Sent:    Tuesday, April 03, 2007 3:48 PM
            To:      Rutherford; Martha K (DNR)
            Subject: Re: FW: Meeting in anch
            ugh - i'll be there.
            this sounds like Fagan as he does the industry bidding.
            yes, this must be countered if Paul's report is accurate.

            Marty Rutherford <marry_rutherford@dnr.state. ak.us> wrote:

             Governor,
             For your information. We should talk about how to combat this at tonights discussion.
             Marty


             -----Original Message-----
             From: "paul fuhs"
              To: "Marty Rutherford" ; patrick_galvin@revenue.state.ak.us;
             joe_balash@gov.state.ak.us; "John Bitney" ; tom_irwin@dnr.state.ak.us
              Cc: "bill walker" ; "Jim Whitaker"
              Sent: 4/3/07 2:03 PM
              Subject: Meeting in anch

             Yesterday the oil companies called together "business leaders" (Jim Jansen
             types) in anchorage, businessmen, bankers, construction, engineering,
             transportation etc. to complain about the administration and AGIA.

             Their main points: administration won't meet with them and is on the wrong
             track, the project is more expensive and uncertain now - projects should be
             allowed to compete to the end, no exclusivity, let the market make the
             decision, is a set up to put most risk on them in rolled in rates, etc and
             then take back their leases when they don't play.

             Said it was rigged to give it to mid american and then the producers would
             pay the cost overruns in tarrifs, they are the only ones that want a low
             tarrif.

             I guess there were about 70 people there. I got it from someone who was
             called to go and then called to tell me about it. They called on people to
             call their legislators to get them to "come to their senses."

             Exxon took a strong role in the meeting.

             Of course it is all BS but I hought you would want to know.

             Paul fuhs




           Expecting? Get great news right away with email Auto-Check.
           Try the Yahoo! Mail Beta.



            11/10/2009

                                                                                                                PRA GSP01_000087I
