Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                  Page 1 of 2


              Unknown

              From:      Meghan Stapleton [meghan_stapleton c©gov.state.ak.us]
              Sent:      Thursday, April 05, 2007 8:46 AM
              To:        'Sarah Palin'; Irwin; Tom E (DNR); Rutherford; Marty K (DNR); Balash; Joseph R (GOV); Patrick S
                         Galvin; Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Bitney; John W (LAA); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
              Cc:        Stapleton; Meghan N (GOV)
              Subject: RE: producers' meetings
             We can certainly do a press conference. Commissioner Galvin provided a list of just high
             level meetings to us with at least a dozen dates, I believe - and that list would be more
             comprehensive with lower level meetings. Robert Dillon of Oil Daily actually wrote Dan
             Fagan a note questioning his line of reasoning. I will forward to all in case some haven't
             seen. To be clear, we have countered - and I believe you did too on the Fagan show and
             elsewhere it's been suggested. We have not countered the VOT on really anything since
             they admittedly tell others they write what VECO tells them too and not their opinions. I like
             your soundbite and I don't personally see anything wrong with coming out charging. They
             get away with it by using the word "negotiated." We're not negotiating with anyone.
             However, we've been talking with numerous entities and asking for input. Perhaps we could
             also point out that we can continue to expect this rhetoric the closer the legislators come to
             approving AGIA and since that will be in roughly a month, I urge you to stand up for Alaska
             and contact your legislators. Let's get AGIA approved and move along with a gasline that
             protects us and not "them."

             I believe many reporters are leaving today for the break . Let me see what the schedules are
             in terms of timing.



             Meghan N . Stapleton
             Communications Director
             Office of Governor Sarah Palin
             907.269.7450 o
             907.269.7463f
             907.321.4975 c


             From: Sarah Palin [mailto : gov.sarah @yahoo.com]
             Sent: Thursday, April 05, 2007 8:06 AM
             To: Sarah Palin; Tom Irwin; marty_rutherford@ dnr.state.ak.us; joe balash @gov.state.ak.us;
             patrick-galvin @revenue .state.ak.us; mike tbbles@gov.state. ak.us; john_bitney@gov.state.ak.us;
             meghan_stapleton @gov.statei ak.us; sharon_leighow@gov.state.ak.us
             Subject : Re: producers' meetings

             Additionally : a soundbite on this issue will be: "If Veco is still attacking me, then we must be
             doing something right for Alaskans."

             Sarah Paln <gov.sarah@yahoo.com> wrote:
             G'moming:

             Tom Brennen's article this morning in the VOT is outrageous in its claim that we haven't
             "negotiated" with producers.

            This type of claim can not continue to go unanswered, as I've been trying to convince naysayers
            that we've met with producers/industry, we're open to continued meetings with them , etc... but
            my counterclaims seem to be falling on deaf ears considering the repetitious false claims that


             11/10/2009

                                                                                                                PRA GSP01_0000893
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                             Page 2 of 2


            continue to spew from (evidently) producer-biased persons - or the producers themselves. The claim
            makes us sound unreasonable, irresponsible, stubborn and incompetent. It's not fair to Alaskans to have
            not corrected this claim a long time ago - when it first started surfacing.

            So, today this claim must be countered. We need a strong op-ed, or presser, or whatever is most
            effective.

            Unless I'm missing something here and there HAS been refusal on the part of gasline team members to
            work with - or meet with - producers, then it's ridiculous to let this bogus claim hang out there and
            gather more steam everyday.

            Please let me know what the team's strategy is today on this - I'll talk to reporters about the facts when
            you present them to me re: dates, times, subjects, etc. in meetings with producers.
            thanks!

            Never miss an email again!
            Yahoo! Toolbar alerts you the instant new Mail arrives . Check it out.




            Looking for earth-friendly autos?
            Browse Top Cars by "Green Rating" at Yahoo! Autos' Green Center.




            11/10/2009
                                                                                                            PRA_GSPO1_0000894
