                                                                                                       Page 1 of 1



   Unknown

   From :    Tibbles, Michael A (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
             GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=MATIBBLES]
   Sent:     Wednesday, July 25, 2007 10:25 AM
   To:       Todd Palin
   Subject: FW: Governors Palin's Letter 8(a) (2)

 Attached is the suggested letter from Rick Harris. Thanks for taking a look and providing feedback.

 Mike


 From: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)
 Sent : Monday, July 23, 2007 4:11 PM
 To: Katz, John W (GOV); mike_nizich@gov.state.ak.us
 Subject: FW: Governors Palin's Letter 8(a) (2)


 Please review the proposed letter from Rick Harris regarding 8(a). I would like to hear your thoughts on whether
 we should proceed and if so, any suggested changes. Thank you.

 Mike Tibbles

 From: Rick Harris [mailto:rick.harris@sealaska.com]
 Sent : Wednesday, July 18, 2007 4:04 PM
 To: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); jmackie@nwstrat.com
 Cc: Simpson E Budd; Otte, Vicki; Rick Harris; Chris McNeil
 Subject : Governors Palin's Letter 8(a) (2)

 Mike:

 I want to thank you for taking time to consider the attached letter and our request for Governor
 Palin send the letter before the Native American Contractors Association (NACA) Impact week
 scheduled for July 24th and 25th.

 As you recall in my earlier email, the draft letter was being circulated among the Alaska Native
 Corporation CEO's group to for their comments. I have received notice from Vicki Otte,
 Executive Director of the Regional CEO's organization, that the group is ok with the letter. We
 are therefore asking for your timely consideration of this letter so that it can be delivered to the
 congressional leadership before the NACA event next week.

 If you have any questions please give me or Vicki Otte a call. Thank you again for taking time
 to consider this request.

 Rick Harris




                                                                                             ROSTON 00692
 6/10/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
                                            July _, 2007



      Honorable Nancy Pelosi                        Honorable Harry Reid
      The House Speaker                             The Senate Democratic Majority Leader
      235 Cannon House Office Building              528 Hart Senate Office Building
      Washington, DC 20515                          Washington, DC 20515


      Dear Speaker and Majority Leader:

               I understand that the 110th Congress has made government contracting reform one
      of its focal points and I wanted to make you aware of the importance of the Native 8(a)
      program to the Indian tribes and Native Corporations in my state. I urge you not to
      change a program that is working for Alaska. I would like to share with you some of my
      observations about the success of this program.

             The 8(a) program overall is enabling Native Americans to make important gains
      in economic development and in the diversification of Native economies. Across the
      Nation we are seeing that participation in the federal contracting industry by community-
      based businesses owned by Indian tribes, tribal organizations, Alaska Native
      Corporations, and Native Hawaiian Organizations (Native Enterprises) has proven to be
      an important catalyst to build strong Native communities.

             I can attest to the success of the program for Alaska Tribes and Native
      Corporations. These Alaska Native entities have become important contributors to the
      economy and overall wellbeing of my state. They have shown measurable results in the
      creation of jobs, supporting programs that perpetuate Alaska's rich Native culture and
      Native languages and funding exceptional scholarship and internship programs that
      provide the foundation for building future Native cultural and business leaders.

             Native communities and Natives in Alaska, much like other parts of the country,
      have had a history of being economically disadvantaged with limited opportunity to build
      strong economies and to become self-sufficient. Congress has passed many laws to fulfill
      the federal government's obligations to these communities. It had the foresight to
      recognize that providing the tools for business development would be more beneficial to
      these communities than simply appropriating funds for economic development assistance.
      Our Alaska tribes and Native Corporations have shown that when given the tools to build
      sustainable businesses, they in fact become self-sustaining.




                                                                                      ROSTON 00693




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
              Native Enterprises overall have responsibilities that are specific and unique and
      are a perfect match with the intent and goals of the 8(a) program. Native Enterprises
      have a broad community role in providing for their tribal people. These entities are
      charged with the responsibility of combating historical disadvantage, the impacts of
      federal policies, rural isolation, and the stagnant economies that have resulted from a
      multi-generational lack of meaningful employment opportunity. The 8(a) program has
      enabled Alaska tribes and Native Corporations to advance the social, economic and
      cultural well being of our Alaska Native residents and in doing so also benefiting the
      entire state of Alaska.

              As Governor, I know in a very real way the fiscal responsibilities of an elected
      representative, and how acquisition reform may be a necessary tool to combat waste,
      fraud, and abuse of taxpayer dollars. It does not make sense, however, to target reform
      of 8(a) program participants who make up such a small portion of procurement spending
      and who are still underrepresented in the contracting industry. I would only caution that
      the Congress, in its zeal to enact reform, not unintentionally jeopardize the 8(a) program
      and disproportionately impact Native communities. It has only been in recent years that
      many Native community-based enterprises have realized the successes envisioned in
      providing business development opportunities to Native peoples. Many disadvantaged
      Native communities, using the successes of other Native Enterprises as a model, are only
      now approaching the point where they can contribute to the improvement of their own
      people. It would do great harm to those communities in my state, as well as the
      economic well-being of many Native communities throughout the country, to curtail the
      8(a) program.

             In short, I request that you not support any legislation that would limit the ability
      of Native community-based enterprises to benefit from the 8(a) program.


                                                             Governor Sarah Palin


      cc:    Steny Hoyer
             House Majority Leader
             Alaska Delegation




                                                                                         ROSTON 00694




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
