Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                  Page 1 of 1


             Unknown

              From :   Sarah Palin [gov.sarah @yahoo.com]
             Sent:     Friday, April 06, 2007 6:46 AM
             To:       Frye; Ivy J (GOV)
             Cc:       Michael A Tibbles; Kristina Y Perry
             Subject : assistant
             Ivy - as you're searching for your B & C assistant: is there a fit for any of our wonderful,
             hardworking supporters who are still "waiting to hear" (as they characterize it) from any of us on
             jobs available. Many of these folks seem so well qualified for a number of jobs... Todd reminded
             me last night that there's still a list of them ready, willing and able to help.

             He specifically mentioned Privileged or Personal Material Re^ few more I can't recall this
             morning... and of course we know of the Diversity Team members.

             This may be a matter of NOT being able to find someone able to move to Juneau for the job, but
             perhaps that could work also as we could get a wider perspective, or field of candidates, if
             someone was stationed where more of the people are. Just a thought.

             I don't want you to have to merely "settle" on anyone because it's tough finding the person
             willing to be stationed in Juneau. We can talk about this when we go through more B & C today.

             Please continue to consider the Diversity Team folks. I'll talk to you more about our recent Anch,
             meeting over that issue today also.

             Your open position could provide us the perfect opportunity to plug in others who have been
             asking where they can help progress this administration. Kris still has, I believe, the long list of
             those who offered early on (didn't we have 800, or 1800 in Bailey's data base - people supporting
             our "AK FIRST" agenda?).


            Don't pick lemons.
            See all the new 2007 cars at Yahoo! Autos.




             11/10/2009

                                                                                                                PRA_GSP01_0000933
