Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                              Page 1 of I


             Unknown

              From :   Sarah Palin [gov. sarah@yahoo.com]
              Sent:    Friday, April 06, 2007 3:49 PM
              To:      PARNELL; S (GOV sponsored)
             Subject : Re: Op Ed and OCS
             Good suggestion. I'm trying to get around to legislative offices also.

             I'm glad you visited wtih OCS. Tough jobs they have - I do appreciate them also.

             Have a great Easter! God bless you and your family.

             S R Parnell <,sr parnell@gov state.ak. us> wrote:

               Done. Thanks. That was a well done gasline editorial by Jomo Stewart.

               FYI, yesterday I stopped into an Anchorage Office of Childrens
               Services' staff meeting to visit. The office is right behind the
               Atwood. About 60-80 people filled a small room and I spoke letting
               them know that we appreciate them doing a difficult job. They asked
               if I would be willing to take time with them in their offices and I
               promised I would as well as my staff. It only took about fifteen
               minutes and seems like a great way to build morale.

               You're probably already doing it, but showing up for staff meetings
               (even in Juneau while you're there) for a 10-15 minute thank you talk
               and to shake hands is huge to the average employee. I'm going to try
               to do more.

               Have a great day!

               Sean




             TV dinner still cooling?
             Check out "Tonight's Picks" on Yahoo! TV.




             11/10/2009

                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0000935
