Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                               Page 1 of 2


            Unknown

             From :   Sarah Palin [gov.sarah @yahoo.com]
             Sent :   Friday, April 06, 2007 2:02 PM
             To:      Anders; Bruce F (DNR)
             Subject : RE: Go JOMOl
            Sorry for mis-reading your response.

            We sure don't want to dampen the enthusiasm and/or support that may be out there for Agia.
            Sometimes it feels like our world is small in terms of vocalizing support for our project - so
            when someone, unsolicited, joins the chorus it makes me want to sing with them. Wish some of
            our legislators would join the chorus too.

            Thanks Bruce.

            Bruce Anders <bruce anders@dnr.state.ak. us> wrote:

              I thought your response was heartfelt and great . Never meant to imply it was politically
              motivated . I just am pleased that people who are brave and wise enough to speak up are
              rewarded with an attaboy from you. I know that's how you're wired, that's why people like me
              think so highly of you.


              From: Sarah Palin [mailto :gov.sarah@yahoo.com]
              Sent: Friday, April 06, 2007 1:34 PM
              To: Bruce F. Anders
              Subject: RE: Go JOMO!

              We just taped this week' s piece - I was fine with it. Thank you.

              And I am just not wired to NOT compliment good efforts like Jomo's effort this
              morning. It does not bother me that some people may run with some idea of receiving a
              compliment and go do something about it.

              C'mon Bruce - it was an innocent, random, quick act of kindness to repond positively to
              Jomo's op-ed. I did not think of political ramifications - and I will not bother thinking of
              political ramifications when I compliment someone for good efforts.

              I do apologize to you if I undermined your efforts to get an op-ed piece penned by
              others. Jomo's op-ed was unsolicited, from the heart, and powerful. I loved it. I told him
              so.

              Hope you're feeling better.
              Sarah

             Bruce Anders <bruce anders@dnr.state.ak. us> wrote:
               As perfect as Jomo's Op Ed was , as fantastic is your response : Word will quickly spread
               that Jomo received a warn note of deep appreciation from you, and will spur others to
               seek your favor by stepping out. I have been working key folks hard to pen an op-ed
               after they emerge from our discussion in deep agreement with our principles , and word
               of notes like yours to Jomo could push some off high center and get their support in
               print.



            11/10/2009

                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01_0000936
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                  Page 2 of 2



               Were you okay with this week's gasline message? Next week I real) think it is important to
               Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




               Haven't talked to you in a while, hope all's well.
               Bruce


               From: Sarah Palin [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]
               Sent: Friday, April 06, 2007 9:30 AM
               To: jomo_stewart@yahoo.com
               Subject: Go JOMO!

               Yes, perfect, bravo.

               Thank you for the most amazing Op-Ed in today's Juneau Empire.

               Please send to all media. Please send to all Legislators and staffers. Even Administration
               staffers. Please send to talk show hosts.

               Perfect-o Jomo.

               Love,
               Sarah


               Expecting? Get great news right away with email Auto-Check.
               Try the Yahoo! Mail Beta.



             Finding fabulous fares is fun.
             Let Yahoo! FareChase search your favorite travel sites to find flight and hotel bargains.



            3ored stiff? Loosen up...
            Download and play hundreds of games for free on Yahoo! Games.




            11/10/2009

                                                                                                                PRA GSP01_0000937
