Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                         Page 1 of 2


            Unknown

             From :    Sarah Palin [gov.sarah@yahoo.comj
             Sent:     Friday, April 06, 2007 3:51 PM
             To:       Frye; Ivy J (GOV)
             Subject: RE: assistant
            Let me know if you touch base with Privilege

            Have a great weekend! Wish you were here - but I want you to enjoy the Valley.

            Good luck with the truck. I sure hope Track cleaned it first.

            Keep up the great work. You're a good egg. (Speaking of Easter!)

            Ivy Frye <ivyr frye@gov state. ak.us> wrote:

              Governor Palin,

              We're on the same page . I prepared this memo last night and left it on your desk. I can't believe
              I get to work this morning and there 's an email from you on the same topic.

              I think you're right. We don't need to settle. Privilege 1 think would be great. She would help
              with many different perspectives of outreach and diversity . Privil too , but I thought I heard Mike
              mention he had something else in mind for him (?).

              My only concern is splitting up the B&C office . I'm still hearing that the major flaw with the last
              B&C office was that they were spread out across the state with no oversight of each other (the
              assistant was in JNU , the director in ANC , the deputy in FBX). I want to avoid the B&C office
              from going in three different directions; we need to be working towards the same goal
              collectively: keeping the appointments moving , keeping the vacancy list low and the candidate
              pool high , and outreach.

              That said , I trust your instincts . I'm up for whatever keeps this office productive , moving forward,
              and helping-not hindering you. If you think it could work , I look forward to the discussion.

              See you at 10,

              Ivy


              From: Sarah Palin [mailto : gov.sarah @yahoo.com]
              Sent: Friday, April 06, 2007 6:46 AM
              To: ivy_frye@gov. state.ak.us
              Cc: mike_tibbles@ gov.state.ak.us; Kristina Y Perry
              Subject : assistant

             Ivy - as you're searching for your B & C assistant : is there a fit for any of our wonderful,
             hardworking supporters who are still "waiting to hear" (as they characterize it) from any
             of us on jobs available . Many of these folks seem so well qualified for a number of
             jobs... Todd reminded me last night that there's still a list of them ready , willing and able
             to help.

              He specifically mentionedIPrivileged or Personal Material R^ a few more I can't recall this
              morning ... and of course we       ow o e Diversity Team members.



            11/10/2009

                                                                                                                        PRA GSP01_0000938
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                              Page 2 of 2



              This may be a matter of NOT being able to find someone able to move to Juneau for the job, but
              perhaps that could work also as we could get a wider perspective, or field of candidates, if
              someone was stationed where more of the people are. Just a thought.

              I don't want you to have to merely "settle" on anyone because it's tough finding the person
              willing to be stationed in Juneau. We can talk about this when we go through more B & C today.

             Please continue to consider the Diversity Team folks . I'll talk to you more about our recent
             Anch. meeting over that issue today also.

             Your open position could provide us the perfect opportunity to plug in others who have been
             asking where they can help progress this administration . Kris still has, I believe , the long list of
             those who offered early on (didn't we have 800, or 1800 in Bailey's data base - people supporting
             our "AK FIRST" agenda?).


             Don't pick lemons.
             See all the new 2007 cars at Yahoo! Autos.



            The fish are biting.
            Get more visitors on your site using Yahoo! Search Marketing.




            11/10/2009

                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01_0000939
