Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                      Page 1 of 2


             Unknown

             From :   Sarah Palin [gov .sarah@yahoo.com]
             Sent:     Friday, April 06, 2007 8:55 AM
             To:      Christopher G Clark; John W Bitney; Michael A Tibbles; S R Parnell ; Kristina Y Perry
             Cc:      Meghan N Stapleton ; Sharon W Leighow
             Subject: RE: DMVA
            amen. i agree 100%. and too bad if some future gov has heartburn over a perceived erosion of
            his/her appointing authority. this one just makes sense. good job JB and CC.

            i apply this bill's intent to DMVA' s dep . commish position too. the person needs military
            experience.

            thanks much Christopher!

            Christopher Clark <christopher clark@gov state.ak.us> wrote:

              Greetings!

              The bill, HB 210, is one of Gen. Craig Campbell's top legislative priorities.

              Because we had a lot on our plate with the gas line, ethics , and other legislation, John authorized
              Campbell's agency to find a good sponsor of the proposal.

              He and his staff found one: Rep . Nancy Dahlstrom . And they've been working with her and her
              staff on moving it quickly through the legislature.

              The measure may be viewed as a restraint on a governor 's power to appoint someone as
              adjutant general, but the goal is to be sure qualified people who serve in the military get the job.


              From: Sarah Palin [mailto :gov.sarah @yahoo.com]
              Sent: Friday, April 06, 2007 7:09 AM
              To. john_bitney@gov.state .ak.us; mike_tibbles@gov.state.ak.us; Sean Parnell ; Kristina Y Perry
              Subject: DMVA

              I did not know about Rep. Dahlstrom's bill re: no political allies in promotion of DMVA
              high-level, but read about it in today's ADN.

              It gives a good opportunity to advise Craig Campbell on his need to fill the DMVA Dep.
              Commish position with someone with military experience. (I've struggled with the idea
              of NOT having militiary exp. fill that role - it's ironic that Nancy was working on such a
              bill.)

              Anyway, we need to be proactive here and remind Craig of progress on that bill (and JB
              - pls tell Nancy I support it).

              Could THIS opportunity be one for thinking outside the box and promoting someone
              with a "diverse" perspective on AK issues for a high-ranking position in the Palin-
              Parnell admin?

              Tib - remind me to talk to Craig about this today please.



             11/10/2009

                                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0000947
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                            Page 2 of 2



              The Lt. Gov. and Kris Perry know of our need to broaden our search for candidates in particular
              areas of public service.

              thanks!


              We won't tell. Get more on shows you hate to love
              (and love to hate): Yahoo! TV's Guilty Pleasures list.



            TV dinner still cooling?
            Check out "Tonight's Picks" on Yahoo! TV.




             11/10/2009

                                                                                                          PRA GSP01 _0000948
