Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                           Page 1 of 2


             Unknown
             From:     Governor Sarah Palin [govpalin@gov.state.ak.us]
             Sent:     Friday, April 06, 2007 8:52 AM
             To:       Fagerstrom; Erika (GOV)
            Subject: RE: Prayer Breakfast Photos & Easter
            No one's expected to attend - I think I'll just pass the word around about it.

            Easter: I think all I need is for dye - does Stef have food coloring? I'm sure we have vinegar... I'll just
            mixed food coloring with vinegar if we have those two ingredients so I can dye eggs with the girls. Can we
            get more eggs also?

            Pis let Stef know that Todd is coming in tomorrow. And that we may invite a few "homeless" staffers over
            for Easter meal. I feel sorry for some of these single staffers who have no family down here! I want to
            invite them to come have lunch or something that day so they have a least a bit of a fun thing to do - but
            certainly don't want to burden house staff with this idea. Stef could just perhaps add a few extra
            ingredients in anything to make a bigger meal - plus we have the leftover stew from last night - it can be
            very simple with no need for staff to do anything extra b/c this would just be a casual gathering of a few
            folks who would appreciate any home cooked meal during this busy time in the session. Hope Stef
            wouldn't feel burdened at this last-minute idea (and I can certainly pull together something myself for
            Sunday if this is too much! It seems there are ingredients and foodstuffs all over in the pantry!)

            You're awesome Erika.

            Thanks!


            From: Erika Fagerstrom [mailto:erika_fagerstrom@gov.state.ak.us]
            Sent: Thursday, April 05, 2007 10:39 AM
            To: 'Governor Sarah Palin'
            Subject : RE: Prayer Breakfast Photos & Easter

            Would you like to invite your Cabinet and senior staff to the Prayer Lunch? Shannon from John Bitney's
            office was inquiring if they were expected to attend . I wouldn 't think that they 're expected to attend, but
            they are invited.
            If you would like to extend a verbal invitation , that would be great. If you'd like for me to email them an
            invite so they have all the information , just let me know.

            Next year, it will be smooth sailing ... as it will all be routine by then.

            Easter
            Would you like for me to pick up baskets for the girls? Stefani has candy, but if you want I could pick
            something else up.
            On-line gift certificates for Old Navy, American Eagle, Abercombie... I'd need credit card info. for that..
            Tanning coupons for Bristol...?
            Movie passes

            Erika




            From: Governor Sarah Palin [mailto :govpalin@gov.state.ak.us]
            Sent: Thursday, April 05, 2007 9:22 AM
            To: 'Erika Fagerstrom'
            Subject: RE: Prayer Breakfast Photos



            11/10/2009

                                                                                                                      PRA_GSP01-0000949
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                      Page 2 of 2



             No problem using the plc. Erika! And your questions are no bother at all!

             Remind Steph that I boiled all the eggs that I found in the fridge last night - sorry I nabbed them if she needed
             them for anything today.

             Thanks!


             From: Erika Fagerstrom (mailto:erika_fagerstrom@gov.state.ak.us]
             Sent: Wednesday, April 04, 2007 5:53 PM
             To: 'Governor Sarah Pal!n'; 'Governor Sarah Palin'
             Subject: Prayer Breakfast Photos

             Hello Governor,

             The Governor's Prayer Breakfast (Lunch this year) would like to run a TV. ad for the event. Would it be okay with
             you- to use your official picture? Andy Mills is sending a few other pictures over. The advertisement would
             basically show a few pictures and say something like.."Come join us as we honor, support, and pray for Governor
             Sarah Palin" followed by the information for the event.

             I apologize for bothering you with questions , we just don't want to over-step our bounds or use something that
             we shouldn't.

             Thanks!
             Erika




             Erika Fagerstrom
             Executive Residence Manager & Assistant to the First Gentleman
             Governor's House
             State of Alaska, Office of the Governor
             716 Calhoun Avenue, Juneau, Alaska 99801
             Phone: 907-465-3500; Fax: 907-465-2031




             11/10/2009

                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0000950
