Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                      Page 1 of 2



              Unknown

              From :     Mike Tibbles [mike tibbles@gov.state.ak.us]
              Sent:      Friday, April 06, 2007 4:36 PM
              To:        Sarah Palin
              Subject: FW: DMVA

            I am just getting caught up on my email and I see I was supposed to remind you to talk to Craig Campbell about
            his deputy position . Is this something you would like me to do Monday?

            Mike


            From : Sarah Palin [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]
            Sent: Friday, April 06, 2007 8:55 AM
            To: Christopher Clark; john_bitney@gov.state.ak.us; mike tibbles@gov.state.ak.us; 'Sean Parnell'; 'Kristin Y
            Pery
            Cc: 'Meghan Stapleton'; 'Sharon Leighow'
            Subject: RE: DMVA

            amen. i agree 100%. and too bad if some future gov has heartburn over a perceived erosion of his/her
            appointing authority. this one just makes sense, good job JB and CC.

            i apply this bill's intent to DMVA's dep. commish position too. the person needs military experience.

            thanks much Christopher!

            Christopher Clark <christopher clark@gov state.ak. us> wrote:
             I Greetings!

              The bill, HB 210, is one of Gen. Craig Campbell's top legislative priorities.

              Because we had a lot on our plate with the gas line, ethics , and other legislation , John authorized
              Campbell's agency to find a good sponsor of the proposal.

              He and his staff found one: Rep . Nancy Dahlstrom. And they' ve been working with her and her staff on
              moving it quickly through the legislature.

              The measure may be viewed as a restraint on a governor's power to appoint someone as adjutant
              general, but the goal is to be sure qualified people who serve in the military get the job.


              From: Sarah Palin [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]
              Sent: Friday, April 06, 2007 7:09 AM
              To: john_bitney@gov.state.ak.us; mike tibbles@gov.state.ak.us; Sean Parnell; Kristin Y Perry
              Subject: DMVA

              I did not know about Rep. Dahlstrom's bill re: no political allies in promotion of DMVA high-
              level, but read about it in today's ADN.

              It gives a good opportunity to advise Craig Campbell on his need to fill the DMVA Dep.
              Commish position with someone with military experience. (I've struggled with the idea of NOT
              having militiary exp. fill that role - it's ironic that Nancy was working on such a bill.)


             8/27/2009
                                                                                                                      PRA GSP0I_0000971
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                          Page 2 of 2



             Anyway, we need to be proactive here and remind Craig of progress on that bill (and JB - pls tell
             Nancy I support it).

             Could THIS opportunity be one for thinking outside the box and promoting someone with a
                                 u
             "diverse" perspective on AK issues for a high-ranking position in the Palin-Parnell admin?

             Tib - remind me to talk to Craig about this today please.

             The Lt. Gov. and Kris Perry know of our need to broaden our search for candidates in particular
             areas of public service.

             thanks!


             We won't tell. Get more on shows you hate to love
             (and love to hate): Yahoo! TV's Guilty Pleasures list.




           TV dinner still cooling?
           Check out "Tonight's Picks" on Yahoo! TV.




            8/27/2009
                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0000972
