Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                             Page 1 of 2


             Unknown

             From :   Governor Sarah Palin [governor@gov.state. ak.us]
             Sent:    Monday , April 09, 2007 1:55 PM
             To:      Kim ; Anna C (GOV)
             Subject : FW: Permanent-Fund



            From : Marty or Dona Grossman [maiito :cruisinagain@alaska.com]
            Sent: Monday, April 09, 2007 7:57 AM
            To: Governor Sarah Palin
            Subject : Re: Permanent Fund

            Governor Palin:

            I guess Dona and I expected too much of your new administration. It is now another
            four months since we wrote you regarding our denial of last years PFD. Despite all the
            proof we were required to provide, and did, and a $25 fee we paid, we still have not
            received last years PFD. I expected more from your administration. It appears to me
            that it is business as usual as far as State government is concerned.

            I know this isn't a priority for you but it should be. My wife and I are both seniors and
            count on this as part of our income stream that allows us to remain in Alaska. I also
            consider it a real insult to charge a fee for services that should be provided in the first
            place. I know, by your previous response, that this message is not seen by the Governor.
            Perhaps it should be so that she can see areas of State Government that need to be
            revamped and streamlined. While your staff has been courteous they have not been
            adept at processing and evaluating information. When I worked for the State, I am
            proud to say, that something like this would not have sat on my desk without
            resolution for more than a day... let alone almost a year.

            Please do something for us.

            Martin and Dona Grossman

            Governor Sarah Palin wrote:
            Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions,
            and/or information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor.
            Although she is unable to respond to each and every email herself, your
            message has been received and is being reviewed by the appropriate staff
            person in this office who can best address your need, suggestion , or comment.

            -----Original Message-----
            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@aov.state.ak.us]
            Sent: Tuesday, December 19, 2006 12:09 PM
            To: governor@aov.state.ak.us
            Subject: Permanent Fund

           Web mail from: Mr. martin grossman



            11/10/2009

                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0000977
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                      Page 2 of 2


            address :    9040 noble circle anchorage AK 99502

            MESSAGE:
            both my wife , dona , and I were denied our permanent funds last year because we
            innadvertantly answered a question incorrectly while on a short vacation. Both of us
            are seniors and state retiree's who have lived in Alaska continuously for over 30
            years . The letters that came from your ( predaccers ) permanent fund office were
            insulting and damning where a phone call could have solved the problem . we were
            forced to defend our response , which we did , and appeal the decision made by the
            permanent fund investigative - and I use that term loosly , folks . We continue to
            wait on the State for a decision and hopefully to get the checks which we deserve.
            Please advise and tell me what you intend to do about this injustice . Thank You.

            Marty

            cruisinaaainoalaska.com




            11/10/2009

                                                                                                     PRA_GSP01 _0000978
