Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Unknown
        From :                    Tibbles, Michael A (GOV) [mike.tibbles@alaska.gov]
        Sent:                     Monday, June 18, 2007 7:55 AM
        To:                       gov. sarah @yahoo.com
        Subject :                 RE: Whitehorse


        I have conveyed the same thoughts to not only the Premier's old Chief of Staff but his new
        one as well. We are definitely attending to accept and release the work that has been
        done to date. We have made no commitments going forward but I am sure we will be asked
        during the press availability.



        I sent a number of questions to the Premier's office regarding the format for the press
        event.  I will follow up to get additional information.



        Mike



        -----Original Message-----

        From: gov.sarah@yahoo.,com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]

        Sent: Monday, June 18, 2007 7:37 AM

        To: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Meghan N Stapleton

        Cc: Kelly, Russell T (GOV)

        Subject: Whitehorse



        Mike- want to make sure tomorrow's press conf in Canada is in NO WAY a set up to make it
        look like I support the Premier's plan for his railroad. I support public disclosure of
        the plan's findings but can not comment in any way whether this is good for AK.



        My understanding is he's hurting in some polls(?), he needs a few wins here, and he's been
        waiting for this "big" announcement on his railroad plan. We don't want to embarass him,
        so his folks have got to know they can't look to me to endorse a plan that we have not
        even studied.



        I'd really like to see his talking points before cameras roll with me standing by his side
        to announce his plans. I know Murkowski was a fan of his rail expansion, hopefully they
        don't assume this admin looks favorably on a transportation plan that isn't bright on our
        radar screen.




                                                                1




                                                                                                          PRA_GSP01_0002616
