Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                         Page 1 of 3


             Unknown
             From :    Balash , Joseph R (GOV) [Joe.balash @alaska.gov]
             Sent:     Monday, June 18, 2007 10:47 AM
             To:       gov.sarah@yahoo.com
             Cc:       Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Meghan N Stapleton
            Subject: FW: mat maid.
            And he's back...


            From : Red Secoy [mailto:redsecoy@gmall.com]
            Sent: Monday, June 18, 2007 10:38 AM
            To: Balash , Joseph R (GOV)
            Subject: Re: mat maid.

            Joe,
            Thank you for getting back to me. I too think that a sudden closure is unrealistic to dairy
            community. I would think that a least by end of this year would give farmers time to disperse
            herds.. I am fully aware of ripple effect. I was involved with Mat Maid when the State had to
            foreclose on the first round of failed dairy's at Point Mac.
            The slaughter house is just another state operated money losing operation. It doesn't make sense
            to prop up one failing enterprise by propping up another failing enterprise. The State of Alaska
            has been involved in these money losing operations now for over a quarter of a century. I we
            going to go for a half century?
            Red Secoy

            On 6/18/07, Balash, Joseph R (GOV) <joe.balashc alaska.gov> wrote:

            Red,



            Sorry I haven't gotten much communication back to you, but things have been hopping around here and I
            didn't want to go through a bunch of what-ifs; I thought it best to utilize your input as a "clean" indication of
            what folks out there are seeing/hearing . Nevertheless , we are ready to start talking about the plans the
            Governor has for the BAC and Mat Maid.




            First, I can tell you first hand the Governor does not look for (or appreciate) yes men. With new
            appointments today , she will be looking for people she trusts to go in and take a hard look and make a
            sound decision about the short-term horizon . Unfortunately , the message(s) we were getting from Mat
            Maid management and some members of the board were inconsistent -which leads to suspicion in the
            ag community and puts cracks in the confidence the Governor can have in the message itself. Also, the
            sudden change in direction by Mat Maid (shutting down in July versus the end of the year) has unfairly put
            the dairy farmers in the position of having the rug pulled out from under them without time to plan for a
            total shutdown if that is the necessary result. Bottom line, she needs a frank assessment pretty quick
            from folks she has confidence in.




            Second , this is not just about 5 dairy farms . There are more than 100 jobs at Mat Maid-everything from
            the truckers who pickup and deliver products to support staff in the corporate offices . Also, the dairy



            11/10/2009

                                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0002623
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                    Page 2 of 3


            farms are the market for farms that grow feed and hay. And if the dairies stop providing a regular supply of cattle
            to the slaughterhouse , it could shut down , too. Then the pig farmers wouldn't have anywhere to take their
            animals . The ripple affect will be felt all over the agricultural industry.



            Finally , there is going to be a look at whatever long -term solutions there might be . The Governor needs to know
            what the range of long-term solutions might look like . If the only way to continue a dairy production industry in
            Alaska is with long -term subsidies from the State , we need to know that. I can tell you the Governor wants a
            private sector solution here . But if Mat Maid closes without time for the private sector to respond and fill the
            market gap, we could lose the dairy industry and it is unlikely those dairies (or new ones) will come back.



            Joe




            From : Red Secoy [mailto:redsecov@amail.com]
            Sent: Monday, June 18, 2007 12 :01 AM
            To: Balash, Joseph R (GOV)
            Cc: Meghan N Stapleton
            Subject: mat maid.




           Joe,
           I'm a little worried about the way the Governor is handling this Mat Maid thing. I still have a lot of faith
           in her and her ideas. But I believe that maybe she isn't getting the whole picture on this dairy business.
           Dairy nation wide has been supported by government for many decades. Now with the ethanol growth
           the price of feed is going to put a squeeze on even the best run dairy's in lower 48. Joe Van Treeck is a
           very capable and honorable man. He has already done miracles keeping Mat Maid operating for last 25
           years.. He took a lot of heat early on by importing milk to keep production up. Through out the years he
           has introduce many innovative products to keep the dairy diversified. I do believe that if Joe Van Treeck
           can't keep Mat Maid going then no one can. My point is I don't want to see Sarah get into something
           which will backfire and haunt her for the rest of her administration. Although she is quite committed
           publicly almost Frank like. I do not believe that the dairy can once again operate without lots of
           government dollars. If she goes and puts 2-3 million dollars into to save livelihood of 4 or 5 farmers it
           will not set very well with a lot of people in the state. Also by axing board members that aren't yes men
           she puts other state directors into the position of maybe not being quite candid enough so as not to lose
           their jobs. I don't really believe in the my way or highway approach when you are dealing with
           knowledgeable people. You end up with too many yes men and too many failed projects.
           Red Secoy



           Have a GREAT DAY,
           Red Secoy




            11/10/2009

                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0002624
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                   Page 3 of 3




            Have a GREAT DAY,
            Red Secoy




            11/10/2009

                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0002625
