Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                             Page 1 of 8


             Unknown

             From:        Meghan Stapleton [meghan_stapleton @gov.state . ak.us]
             Sent:        Tuesday, June 19, 2007 11:30 AM
             To:          gov.sarah @yahoo.com; Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
             Cc:          Sharon W Leighow; Meghan N Stapleton
             Subject:    ANCSA MEETING TALKING POINTS
             Importance: High
             Governor,

             My apologies . Went to fax this at 11am , but learned that it was supposed to be 11am,
             Canada time / 10am Alaska time. You were already in the air.

             I know you can't receive this right now . Bob will have copies at the airport.

             Thanks,
             Meg




            ANCSA Agenda - June 19, 2007


             * Education - New Commissioner (Press Release)

            Almost two weeks ago now, you accepted the resignation of Commissioner Roger Sampson
            and offered congratulations on the acceptance of his new position as President of Education
            Commission of the States.

            The Education Commission of the States is an interstate compact that exchanges
            information and ideas among state policymakers and education leaders to develop policy
            and strategies , that will improve the quality of education across the nation.

            Impact on national level should have strong benefits for the state of Alaska.

            The State Board of Education & Early Development appointed Sampson as the Alaska
            Commissioner of Education & Early Development on May 9 , 2003 . The board will conduct a
            national search for a replacement . Interested candidates may contact the Alaska
            Department of Education & Early Development. Under state law, the board appoints the
            commissioner which is subject to the approval of the governor. The commissioner serves at
            the pleasure of the board.

            Commissioner Sampson will serve through August 17, 2007.


            * 8a Issue - Statewide impacts and National opportunities (John Katz)

            Regarding Section 8 ( a), we are working very closely with representatives of the Native
            community to preserve the essential elements of this program for Native entities.

            There is a serious threat to the program in Congress . Some members don't understand how



             11/10/2009

                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01 _0002642
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                           Page 2 of 8


             it works, and others have received complaints from constituents who have lost contracts to Alaska
             Native corporations.

             The House has passed legislation which would seriously restrict the program. The Senate is
             expected to act sometime soon. Discussions involving the Congressional delegation, Native
             entities, and us have focused on what strategy to pursue in the Senate - whether to propose a
             compromise or to advocate for the status quo. It is expected that legislation in some form will
             pass in the current Congress.

             State support for the 8(a) program is premised on the significant benefits that accrue to Native
             corporations and their shareholders and on the beneficial impacts on the Alaska economy In
             general. There have been some abuses , but these have been rectified . So, our goal has been to
             maintain the basic elements of the 8(a) program.

             I presume that the Native leaders are principally concerned about energy policy in Alaska. Suffice
             it to say that, at the Federal level, Congress is preoccupied with renewable energy. There is little
             interest in provisions that would benefit the domestic oil and gas industry. In fact, tax incentives
             for the industry that were enacted just a couple of years ago may well be repealed in favor of
             incentives for renewables.

             There is no reasonable likelihood that the coastal plain of ANWR will be opened to oil and gas
             development in the foreseeable future (although Senators Stevens and Murkowski may propose an
             amendment to include ANWR in the Strategic Petroleum Reserve System).

             However, there Is strong bipartisan support for commercializing North Slope natural gas. At the
             moment, we are not asking for anything new here to promote pipeline construction. The focus is
             on implementing AGIA.


             * Gasline ( Meghan Stapleton)

             My gasline team recently returned from Washington, DC, where they held meetings with White
             House officials, including Drue Pearce; FERC, including Chairman Kelliher, all three members of the
             Congressional delegation; and federal agencies, including Department of Energy.

            The team is busy working on the Request for Applications (RFA) right now. They are still driving
            toward an early July timeline for release of the RFA. The RFAs will be due back three months
            later. At that point, the team will go through the applications and the public will look through the
            applications which meet the criteria laid out in AGIA. Irwin and Galvin will choose the best
            candidate (could be a group) and then forward to legislature for approval, as per AGIA.

            We are all reaching out to all potential parties / companies to let them know how much we valued
            their Input during the process and the importance of participation in our gasline project.



            * Energy policy ( From Bethel Energy Speech)

            What I hear most often is the worry and concern about the high cost of energy In our villages. And
            it's not fair. The high cost of living is tough enough - and then you have the burden of high fuel
            costs - felt every day. Fuel costs touch homes, transportation, and food because villages are not
            on the road system. I know that energy controls the costs of everything - and that for seven
            months, everything must come in from the air and that only hurts more.

            I know and I understand that people are migrating away from our villages because it costs too
            much to live there and I know that others still are leaving smaller villages to move to larger


            11/10/2009

                                                                                                        PRA GSP01_0002643
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                             Page 3 of 8


             villages, like Bethel, because it's just too costly outside of here.

             Homes are for sale... jobs are unfilled... and it's not healthy. And I understand people want to work
             in the Bush, but just can't afford it because of the high cost of living.

            There are a couple of ways I will try to help - first of all, I will continue to manage the state's fish
            and game for abundance . The one piece of help that you have is subsistence - with the high cost
            of food . And I will continue to aggressively defend our predator control programs.

            Additionally, as promised, I have tasked numerous Individuals and departments to focus on and
            think about renewable energy sources and how we can harness those sources to help you and to
            reduce your costs. Sources like geothermal and wind, to just name two.

            That's why I have requested funds for an Alaska Energy Inventory in my capital budget. We need
            to identify all sources of energy all over this state and put that information into an electronic map.
            Once we have done this, we can take the next step and identify the right technology and hardware
            to convert those alternative sources into energy you can use. If we identify the sources of our
            energy that are closest to our communities and match it up with the right technology, we can bring
            down these extraordinary costs to a level that allows people to live where they want.

            So please know that we are thinking of you, we are working to help you, and while the solution
            won't be overnight, please know that you are on our minds and our not forgotten.


             * Subsistence

                . The state provides a preference for all Alaskans for subsistence. State subsistence
                  regulations allow rural and non-rural residents to hunt and fish on all lands (private, state,
                  and federal) unless the federal government closes its lands to uses other than subsistence
                  harvest by federally qualified individuals.
                . The state's approach protects the ability of rural residents who move to urban areas to
                  continue subsistence activities In rural areas . It also protects the ability of rural residents not
                  covered by a customary and traditional (C&T) use determination to continue subsistence
                  activities on federal public lands, unless closed. Once the federal government adopts a C&T
                  determination for a species in an area , rural residents not covered by that determination can
                  only subsistence hunt or fish on federal public lands under state regulations.
                . Having dual wildlife regulatory systems (federal subsistence management overlaid on
                  traditional state fish and wildlife management) continues to be an Important issue for rural
                  Alaskans. In many areas rural users are moving away from Involvement in the state system
                  because the federal subsistence program seems to grant the desires of rural residents, often
                  at the expense of other Alaskans and sometimes to the detriment of the resource.
                 Paradoxically, since predator management is not allowed on federal refuges, parks, and
                  preserves, the federal system precludes attempts to increase wildlife abundance, which in
                  turn exacerbates the tensions between local subsistence users and non-locals.

                . Federal Subsistence Board

                        The Secretaries of Interior and Agriculture have proposed changes to the list of "rural"
                       and "non-rural" determinations for communities based on the 2000 census and other
                       factors in federal subsistence regulations. These revisions could affect Adak, Prudhoe
                       Bay and parts of the Kenai, Wasilla/Palmer and Homer areas. Saxman has protested
                       being listed as non-rural and part of Ketchikan; and a number of communities connected
                       by road near Kenai might be lumped together. There has been widespread opposition to
                       the Board's decision to authorize subsistence fisheries for residents of Ninilchik, Hope
                       and Cooper Landing on the Kenai and Kasilof Rivers. Kodiak was proposed to change to



             11/10/2009

                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0002644
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                            Page 4 of 8


                     non-rural , but under the final rule is still classified as rural . The State took no position on
                        individual communities but protested the lack of evenhandedness in the federal process.
                      The Federal Board continues to adopt regulations that duplicate State regulations and,
                        thus, create confusion on the ground due to regulatory drift of the two sets of
                        regulations because Federal lands are not marked on the ground . The duplicative
                        regulations also establish a priority for rural residents that are not based on criteria to
                        determine customary and traditional use and without determining the amount of use
                        reasonably necessary for subsistence before restricting other uses . The State frequently
                        protests the Board 's inconsistent process and lack of factual evidence for determining
                        customary and traditional uses ( e.g., sporadic use anywhere is used instead of evidence
                        of a community pattern of use).


              * 50th Anniversary of Statehood

             My office is coordinating the anniversary celebration . In particular, Kris Perry is serving as
             Chairman and they are meeting regularly , preparing for the celebration.


             ANCSA Background

             The Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (ANCSA ) was enacted In 1971 . Under the Act , Native
             corporations received approximately 44 million acres and almost $1 billion in settlement of their
             aboriginal land claims in Alaska.

             The settlement was distributed to Alaska Native corporations chartered under State law.
             Significant economic benefits have accrued to many of these corporations, thereby benefitting their
             shareholders and the Alaska economy in general.

             Over the years, ANCSA has been amended on numerous occasions . At the moment, various
             proposals to amend ANCSA are under discussion:
                         A bill that would provide approximately 1.4 million acres of land In Alaska to
                            the 13th Regional Corporation comprised of Alaska Native shareholders who
                            enrolled in this out of state corporation . The Department of Natural Resources and
                            the Governor ' s DC office are currently analyzing this legislation . Various concerns
                            have been identified, including the impact on State selections called topfilings and
                            on the pace of State selections under the Alaska Statehood Act. Although it had
                           some Initial reservations , the Alaska Federation of Natives now supports the bill,
                           according to its proponents . Congressional hearings have not yet been scheduled.
                         A bill that would complete Sealaska 's land entitlement in the Tongass National Forest
                           by allowing certain selections beyond the areas around villages originally withdrawn
                           for selection . DNR, together with the Governor' s DC office, is now examining maps
                           depicting these selections . Legislation has not yet been introduced but undoubtedly
                           will be. Opposition is.expected from national environmental organizations and
                           possibly from certain local communities.
                           In the past, legislation has been proposed to provide a land entitlement to certain
                           Southeast communities , such as Haines , which did not receive an entitlement under
                           ANCSA . The rationale is that these communities were overlooked by Congress in
                           1971. No legislation has been introduced In the current Congress.
                         The residents of Alexander Creek want to be treated as a village , rather than as a
                           Native group , under ANCSA. This would Increase their land entitlement by several-
                           fold. The State is analyzing this proposal. Several issues have been identified,
                           including possible land use conflicts and the precedent for other Native groups.

            Rural Issues Talking Points ( Nizich)



             11/10/2009

                                                                                                          PRA GSP01 _0002645
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                          Page 5 of 8


             Commercial Fishing Issues:

             ADF&G is working with local organizations on research and monitoring programs.
                Community Development Quota (CDQ) groups are funding important projects in Bristol Bay
                  and the AYK Region to study catch size, gather escapement data and do genetic research.
                  We're working with the Bristol Bay Economic Development Corporation, the Yukon Delta
                  Fisheries Development Association, the Coastal Village Regional Fund, the Kuskokwim Native
                  Association, the Norton Sound Economic Development Corporation, the Kodiak Regional
                  Aquaculture Association and numerous others. Many of these projects are funded by the
                  federal Office of Subsistence Management.

             ADF&G is working to improve communication with rural residents regarding fishery
             management.
                The Alaska Department of Fish and Game (ADF&G) has worked to develop numerous
                  stakeholder groups with which to discuss fishery management and gain input from users.
                Examples of these groups and efforts include weekly Yukon River Drainage Fishery
                  Association meetings, the Kuskokwim River salmon Management Working Group, Prince
                  William Sound Salmon Harvest Task Force, Southeast Alaska Seine Harvest Task Force (and
                  similar groups for the gillnet and troll fisheries), and Kodiak herring fishery preseason
                  stakeholder meetings.

             Sport Fishing issues:

                 Kodiak:
                    s The rural town of Kodiak and six villages are concerned with the development of a
                       limited entry program for fresh and saltwater guides. Some residents support a limited
                       entry system, while others do not. Some community members are concerned that a
                       limited entry system will concentrate wealth and reduce the public's ability to receive
                       charter services, which will ultimately hurt the local economy.
                    s Sport anglers, commercial and subsistence fishermen are concerned about the Litnik
                       sockeye return, which has crashed. These fisheries have been closed for the majority of
                       the past 4 seasons.
                    s Developing an enhancement project for king salmon along the Kodiak road system is
                       an issue with Kodiak anglers, as well as anglers In Port Lions and Old Harbor, who
                       would also like to see enhancement efforts in their communities.

                 Anchorage/North Gulf Coast / Prince William Sound:
                   s  In these areas, many people are concerned about the impact of urban users on rural
                     natural resources. For example, in Prince William Sound, sport anglers with boats that
                     can go farther from port to find prime halibut fishing areas are causing consternation
                     with some rural users (especially in areas like Chenega). They see recreational anglers
                     in greater numbers or in new areas and the Impact their presence has on the rural
                     fishing experience. Likewise, in Cordova, the new fast ferry makes it convenient for
                     anglers to get to a once semi-inaccessible area and the growth of those fisheries is likely
                     to Increase.
                   s  In Prince William Sound, some residents are concerned that the federal subsistence
                     halibut regulations will negatively impact their ability to sport fish halibut. This same
                     issue regarding higher federal limits and means and methods for salmon is an issue on
                     the Copper River Delta.

                 Kenai Peninsula:
                       A number of rural users feel there are undue restrictions on their access to fish. In
                        other words if they were the primary users they would be able to consumptively use the
                        resource (for example, with fall spawning closures for Dolly Varden in Upper Kenai



             11/10/2009

                                                                                                         PRA GSPO1_0002646
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                             Page 6 of 8


                     tributaries or tight limits on upper Kenai Rainbow Trout).
                     s These same users object to the level of commercial harvest of northern bound sockeye
                         and coho salmon in the central district.


                     Bristol Bay:

                     s     Resource development (mining and offshore oil and gas development ) and its impacts
                          on fish and wildlife populations and on subsistence , recreational , and commercial
                          fisheries are seen by many in the region as a threat . This is especially true in regards to
                          the possible development of the Pebble Mine and its potential impacts on the fish and
                          wildlife resources of the Nushagak and Iliamna drainages.

                          Some rural residents have also expressed concern about the possible future
                          implementation of limited entry on guided sport fisheries in the area and its impacts on
                          opportunity and the local economy.

                     s    The Kvichak drainage sockeye salmon is currently a Stock of Management Concern and
                          recent low returns have impacted all user groups. Additionally, reductions of daily sport
                          bag limits, based on escapements and in accordance with the Kvichak In-river Sockeye
                          Salmon Management Plan have raised issues as to whether or not it will be necessary to
                          reduce sport bag limits for conservation.

                  Interior:
                        There is a perception among some rural residents that sport fisheries (or personal use
                        and urban subsistence users) compete with rural subsistence users (and rural sport
                        anglers) for fishing and harvest opportunities. This Is usually the result of increasing use
                        of an area by non-local (whether urban residents, non-residents or guided anglers)
                        and/or a decrease in subsistence fishing opportunity due to declining abundance of
                        target species.
                     s   Another area of concern is maintaining access to sport fisheries in rural areas and
                        addressing some confusion by non-rural anglers as to which lands are public and which
                        are private (Native corporation and private) when trying to participate in sport fisheries.

             Predator Management:

                  Due to tradition, preference, availability, as well as the high cost of store-bought foods, rural
                   Alaskans depend heavily on harvesting wild game. As such they are pragmatic about wildlife
                   management and generally support predator management programs to increase the size of
                   moose and caribou herds and to decrease competition between people and predators.
                  Many rural residents would like to see expanded efforts by the State to reduce predator
                   densities in their area. However, It is less widely recognized that the high cost and time
                   necessary for collecting scientific data needed to defend such programs affects our ability to
                   plan and implement predator control in new areas.
                  Also, since predator control is not allowed on Fish & Wildlife Service or Park Service lands,
                   the state cannot effectively reduce predation in regions of the state with large proportions of
                   federal conservation unit lands.

             Endangered Species Act:

                  Polar Bear. The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service (USFWS) proposed listing the polar bear as
                   threatened throughout its entire range, solicited public comment, and expects to make a final
                   decision by the end of this year. If it is listed, the Service will consider designating critical
                   habitat along the north and west coastline of Alaska which could affect ongoing and proposed
                   activities, such as shipping, oil and gas leasing, land and offshore developments. North


             11/10/2009

                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0002647
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                           Page 7 of 8


                    Slope residents are very concerned about increasing erosion, increasing late-summer ice free
                   areas, and other effects of Arctic climate change, but the State does not believe listing the
                    polar bear or designating critical habitat will be helpful and may actually be detrimental to
                   conservation of polar bear.
                  Cook Inlet Beluga . The National Marine Fisheries Service published a proposed rule to list
                   Cook Inlet Beluga as Endangered with Extinction. If it is listed and critical habitat is
                   designated in Cook Inlet, activities throughout the watershed of the entire Cook Inlet as well
                   as in the marine areas could be subject to ESA permit stipulations or restrictions, such as
                   recreational, personal use, and commercial fishing; waste water treatment of the Kenai
                   Borough, City of Anchorage, Mat-Su Borough, and other communities; oil and gas leasing;
                   proposed coal and other mining; the proposed Knik Bridge; fast ferry; small boat traffic,
                   shipping, and other transportation activities both in the water and in the air. Communities
                   throughout Cook Inlet could suffer economic impacts. The State is concerned that this listing
                   is being proposed and the conservation plan has never been funded to provide population
                   and habitat information.
                        o The National Marine Fisheries Service has scheduled Beluga Whale hearings for Homer
                          on July 19th and for Anchorage on July 20th. The State will provide a witness.
                  Yellow- Billed Loon . USFWS announced it intends to do a 90-day status review of the
                   Yellow-Billed Loon population in northern and western Alaska based on possible impacts due
                   to disturbance and loss of habitat in the coastal and low tundra areas . This could affect
                   village activities, including fishing and hunting, development, motorized access, and other
                   activities throughout the area if critical habitat is designated. The state recently participated
                   in a multi-party effort to develop a conservation plan for this species, hoping that the plan
                   would deal with loon conservation issues and obviate the need to consider a listing process.

             Avian Influenza:

                 . In many rural areas, waterfowl and other birds taken in the spring and summer subsistence
                    hunts form an important source of fresh meat. Although the threat to human health should
                    wild birds arrive carrying a highly pathogenic form of avian influenza is very low, the fact that
                    there is ANY risk of human infection has caused great concern.
                  ADF&G has partnered with other state agencies through the Multi-Agency Coordination Group
                    established by governor's proclamation to bring solid information to communities around the
                    state. The agencies have emphasized information on how citizens can protect themselves
                    against exposure to HPAI virus, as well as the need to prepare for community emergencies
                    such as a flu pandemic.
                  Also, ADF&G has cooperated with federal agencies in an early detection program designed to
                    find the HPAI virus if it occurs in wild birds migrating to Alaska. State community outreach
                    efforts and wild bird sampling are continuing this summer.

             Fuel Prices:

                 e Rural hunters, fishers, and trappers are being affected by rising fuel prices, which affects
                   their ability to harvest wild resources for personal consumption, sharing within the
                   community, and (in the case of fur) income. To the extent that this reduces trapping effort
                   and participation, wildlife management efforts to change predation levels could be affected,
                   which could in turn result in reduced availability of wild meat.
                                                                ###




            Meghan N. Stapleton
            Communications Director
            Office of Governor Sarah Palin
            907.269.7450 o



             11/10/2009

                                                                                                         PRA_GSP01_0002648
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                   Page 8 of 8


            907.269.7463 f
            907,321.4975 t




             11/10/2009

                                                                                                  PRA_GSP01 _0002649
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


             Tony Hayward Contact Details                                                                         Page 1 of 1


             Unknown

              From :   Spencer, Kari L (GOV) [kari.spencer@alaska.gov]
             Sent :    Tuesday, June 19, 2007 10:04 AM
             To:       gov.sarah@yahoo.com; Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Balash ; Joseph R (GOV)
             Cc:       Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
             Subject: Tony Hayward call (BP)
             Governor, as you requested, I have scheduled the BP-Tony Hayward call for tomorrow, Wednesday,
             June 20, at 8:00am AK time (5pm UK time). Because it's London it was difficult to find an agreeable time,
             will it be possible to make this call from your home? 01 1-44-207Privile e. This information is also on
             the schedule for tomorrow. Kari.




             11/10/2009

                                                                                                                PRA GSPO1 _0002650
