Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From :                    Talis Colberg [Talis.Colberg@law.state . ak.us]
          Sent:                     Tuesday, June 19, 2007 9:33 AM
          To:                       gov.sarah@yahoo.com
          Cc:                       Spencer; Kari L (GOV); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
          Subject:                  Reminder of the of the anticipated absence of me

          Dear Governor Palin,

                     This is to reaffirm my vacation next week. June 23 through July

          1.   I will be joining my family in Europe.



                      I talked to Kari about the cabinet meeting next week. She was

          not sure it would still occur given that we just had one last Friday.

          However, she indicated that it might be okay for me to miss a meeting.

          I do have the 1-800 number however, I am not certain that I will be in a

          time or place where I could make use of it.



                      In regard to other civil matters (not the cabinet meeting) Mr.

          Tillery is the Civil Deputy who can field questions or refer people to

          the right place for answers on matters that might arise in my absence.

          His number is    Privileged    In regard to criminal matters, Mr. Svobodny is

          the criminal Deputy and his number is           Privileged


                     In regard to Mat Maid, should there be questions next week,

         Mr. Barnhill      Privileged   or Ms. Otto      Privileged    are available for

         assistance.



                     If something comes up on the Kensington Mine, Mr . Cam Leonard

         is the lead atty. (



                  Thank-you for the opportunity to attend the wonderful lunch and

         journey to the mine and proposed road route. If that road is built it

         will become a tourist attraction in itself: waterfalls, mountains,

         forests, ocean views, wow.




                                                                  1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0002656
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                   If you have questions before I leave please let me know. I

         will be in Anchorage through this Friday.



                  Thank - you    Talis




                                                        2
