Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                        Page 1 of 2


             Unknown

             From :     Meghan Stapleton [meghan_stapleton@gov.state.ak.us]
             Sent:      Tuesday, June 19, 2007 12:49 PM
             To:        gov.sarah@yahoo.com; Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
             Cc:      Sharon W Leighow; Meghan N Stapleton
             Subject: MEDIA WILL SURROUND AT CHANGEPOINT
             Change Point notified the media that you will be there. Begich will be there, too, today.

             Briefing books will be in your car which include the ANCSA briefing points , Change Point
             press release , and Kohring 's resignation information.

             Since you will be at Change Point, the media will jump on the opportunity to ask you about
             Vic Kohring's resignation and the BAC dismissal of the Creamery Board (did it this morning).

             I will be at Change Point to assist and to make it orderly. I've told them that you have
             limited time there because you have to be at a 3pm meeting.

             Anticipated questions:

             BAC - dismissed Creamery Board. The BAC 7 appointed themselves temporarily as the
             Creamery Board. Did you order this? What have you asked them to do?
                   I did tell Dave Donaldson this morning (off air) that there will come a point where
                   the Governor will step back and give the chance for the BAC to work. That you are
                   not ordering their moves, but rather have tasked them with finding answers, and
                   providing solutions and alternatives. It's up to the BAC now.

             ChangePoint - were you going to veto anyway? Did you feel that appropriation was
             appropriate?
                   The dome will be a tremendous asset for the community. As such an asset, it should
                    not be difficult for the private sector to step in and fund the dome for the benefit of
                   Alaskans. There were of course questions regarding this one as to church and state
                   and whether the money was used best. I have not made any final determinations as
                   to a veto, but certainly there were red flags surrounding this one.

             Kohring - surprised? How will his replacement happen? What are you looking for?
                   (From a previous email from you): I will appoint someone with the acknowledgment
                   that I believe it needs to be an even playing field when the seat is open for election
                   nnex year. My appointment won't be the usual - loyalist who will receive my
                   endorsement in the next election. It is the voters' choice whom they want to
                   represent them and I will responsibly select Vic's replacement with some
                   humbleness. I will respect the power that I hold.

                    Replacement must happen within 30 days of the resignation. Vic is resigning on July
             19th. You will have 30 days from that date - looks like August 18th

                      Your quote in the press release: "I do think that Representative Vic Kohring's
                      resignation is not only in his best interest, but it's also in the state's best interest," said
                      Governor Sarah Palin. "He has a lot on his plate in terms of a defense that he has to
                      mount, and Kohring's constituents expect full-time representation without FBI probes
                      and indictments and anything else that certainly casts a cloud over the individual
                      legislator and the legislature as a whole."



             11/10/2009

                                                                                                                    PRA_GSP01_0002670
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                    Page 2 of 2




             Meghan N . Stapleton
             Communications Director
             Office of Governor Sarah Palin
             907.269.7450 o
             907.269.7463 IF
             907.321.4975 c




             11/10/2009

                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0002671
