Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
         From :                     gov.sarah @yahoo.com
         Sent:                      Tuesday, June 19 , 2007 10:53 PM
         To:                        Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Tom E Irwin; Balash ; Joseph R (GOV); Stapleton; Meghan N (GOV);
                                    Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
         Subject:                   Fw: BAC Meeting


         Wow - we need to really make sure we're communicating clearly with task force members/
         potential director/ public members concerned about ag... Does anyone know if we sent a
         wrong msg that the folks we need plugged in (like Franci) weren't to be part of today's
         mtg?



         Tom- how did the director's position conversation go with new bd members? If I had my way
         we'd have hired someone yesterday for that empty slot - I'm very anxious to hire as the
         two-month vacancy is part of the problem - we have an awesome candidate ready to go - when
         will hiring take place?

          ------Original Message------

         From: Franci Havemeister

         To: Governor Sarah Palin

         Sent: Jun 19, 2007 8:33 PM

         Subject: BAC Meeting



          I can not believe that I missed the meeting today! I assumed it was a

         closed meeting and nothing was mentioned yesterday about anyone else

         attending- you have no idea how disgusted I am!!!! This was the the

         climax to everyone's hard work and I was out mowing my lawn!



         I am assuming the Director 's position will be filled shortly?                      All

         this information in the upcoming BAC meetings would be excellent

         information for the new director to have.



         Great job on the board appointments - I think my father-in- law was

         actually GIDDY!!       I have never seen that before!!!!!




         Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



                                                                  1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0002688
