Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                   Page 1 of 1


             Unknown

             From:     Frye, Ivy J (GOV) [ivy.frye@alaska.gov]
             Sent:     Wednesday, June 20, 2007 8:40 AM
             To:      Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); gov.sarah@yahoo.com
             Subject: BAC and b&c conference
             Governor Palin, Mr. Tibbles:

            Wanted to let you guys know a lot of supportive phone calls and emails have been coming in in support of
            the BAC changes. Jacob has drafted approximately 20 letters this week thanking people for their emails
            and/or phone calls. The appointment letters will go out today for the new members.

            Also, wanted you guys to know I think I had a very successful trip to St. Louis. I came back energized
            and ready to implement some of the great tools I learned. I'll prepare a summary for you guys today. In
            sum, we're doing a lot of good things up here. We have a great website, a lot of useful and user friend
            information available on our website, we correspond well with applicants, and we focus on ethics. My
            peers had a lot of questions regarding these things.

            I picked up ways to improve our application, turn around time on paperwork, and utilizing your executive
            staff. The things I found most important were how to utilize the advance person that travels with the
            governor (those names of people you meet that can be relayed back to me for plugging in) and staffing
            the b&c office. I look forward to sharing my ideas with both of you on these items.

            Thanks,

            Ivy Frye
            director of boards and commissions
            office of governor sarah palm
            ivy.fiye@alaska.gov
            Office (907) 465-3934
            Fax (907)465-8110




            11/10/2009

                                                                                                                PRA GSP01_0002698
