Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From:                      Kristan Cole [kccole@mtaonline.net)
         Sent:                      Wednesday, June 20, 2007 11:00 AM
         To:                        Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); kristan@kristancole.com
         Cc:                        gov.sarah@yahoo.com
         Subject:                   RE: Conference call Friday


         Either email works, one just forwards to the other.


        Privileged or Personal Material Redacted



         The conference call on Friday this to review Joe's contract, his resignation

         letter, the letter the creamery corporation wrote to him, and the proposed

         (by Joe) employee retention and severance package. I read through the

         employee retention and severance plan last night and it has some things in

         it that I have never seen offered before. Those discussions have to be in

         executive session, but we will be coming out of executive session if we have

         any motions to make after that (we will probably just have more questions).

         I will need the two AG attorneys who have been working on those contracts,

         Parry Grover and Joan Travostino, to be on those conference calls with me.

         I am not sure how to reach them, but have asked Tina, the AG that was there

         yesterday to get me their numbers or emails. I also asked her to let me

         know what the notice requirements are for the Creamery Board to meet with

         the task force.



        Thanks for the kind remarks, Kristan



         -----Original Message----

        From :   Perry ,   Kristina Y (GOV) [ mailto : kris . perry@alaska.gov]

        Sent : Wednesday , June 20, 2007 10:38 AM

        To: kristan@kristancole . com; kccole @mtaonline.net

        Cc: gov.sarah@yahoo.com

        Subject : FW: Sent this to Sarah and meant to CC the rest of you



        Kristan,


                                                                   1




                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01 _0002700
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         I hate to bog you down w / emails but want to make sure you ' re in the loop

         on some of the discussion .           Do you have a preference on which email to

        use?    Privileged or Personal Material Redacted
        Privileged or Personal -M aterial Redacted




        Privileged or Personal Material Redacted                                          If you

        have any problems , let me know .            Will the conference call on Friday be

        open or executive session? The Governor and I may like to call in.



        I'm also glad you were able to talk with Tom Irwin this morning. I'll

        be talking to Mike Tibbles soon on getting the task force finalized

        today so that you have help w/all this.



        And, once again ,     I hate to sound like a broken record but we are so

        blessed to have you on the board and taking the lead on this .. . just

        can't thank you enough.



        Talk to you a bit later...



        Kris




        -----Original Message-----

        From: Austerman , Joseph M (CED)

        Sent: Wednesday , June 20, 2007 10:00 AM

        To: Franci Havemeister ; Perry,          Kristina Y (GOV); Joseph D Schmidt;

        chckheath

        Cc: gov.sarah@yahoo.com
                                                                   2




                                                                                                              PRA_GSP01 _0002701
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Subject: RE: Sent this to Sarah and meant to CC the rest of you



         Franci,


       Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




         I have a meeting in 2 min.



         I will elaborate on this more when I am out



         Joe



         -----Original Message-----

         From: Franci Havemeister (mailto:francihav@yahoo.com]

         Sent: Wednesday, June 20, 2007 8:57 AM

        To: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV); Austerman, Joseph M (CED); Joseph D

        Schmidt; chckheath; Ben VanderWeele; Lefebvre, Richard A (DNR)

        Subject: Sent this to Sarah and meant to CC the rest of you



        Don Mclean was at my in-laws late into the evening last night so I had a



        chance to get his perspective of the meeting.               He said that the board

        voted to.keep the plant open for 90 more days - which was good news. He



        also said they had agreed to disburse the 600,000 on the 1st of July,

        and at this point no stipulations are attached. Don Mclean said Van

        Treek was willing to take all of his questioning, etc without much

        opposition - Privileged or Personal Material Redacted
       Privileged or Personal Material Redacted

                                                                3




                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0002702
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




       Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




        Have a good day -



        Thanks again for being an AWESOME GOVERNOR!



        Franci




                                                          4




                                                                                                     PRA_GSP01_0002703
