Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From :                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
          Sent:                     Wednesday, June 20, 2007 8:55 AM
          To:                       Rutherford; Martha K (DNR)
          Cc:                        Irwin; Tom E (DNR); mike Tibbles; Balash ; Joseph R (GOV)
          Subject:                   Re: Brief Update on LNG Export License extension and AGIA RFA


          These phone calls are a cluster... I'm still trying this morning!

          Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



          -----Original Message-----

          From: Marty Rutherford <marty_rutherford@dnr.state.ak.us>



          Date: Wed, 20 Jun 2007 08:28:17

          To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

          Cc:Tom E Irwin <tom Irwin@dnr.state.ak.us>, mike Tibbles <tibbles@alaska.net>,Joseph R
          Balash <joe balash@gov.state.ak.us>

          Subject: Brief Update on LNG Export License extension and AGIA RFA




          Governor,

          I had a brief opportunity to update Joe Balash last night on the LNG

          Export License discussions with ConocoPhillips and Marathon, but I'm not

          sure he will be able to provide you an update before your calls to the

          Producer CEO's today.        It is possible Jim Mulva may raise the LNG Export

          License issue and I want you to know the latest information. As I

          advised last week, the attorney for the Consumer Advocacy Office, DNR's

          Oil & Gas staff and Craig Tillery, also with the Dept of Law, have been

          meeting with counterparts from Conoco & Marathon to determine if there

          was any common ground to be found on our three issues associated with

          the LNG Export License Extension.           As of late yesterday it appears that

          we have found agreement on how to address two of the three issues: 1)

          access to the LNG plant for non-owner gas producers (through purchases

          of gas) and; & 2) replacing depleting reserves in the Cook Inlet in two

          ways (through future development of Marathon and Conoco's producing

         properties in the Cook Inlet & access to their geological and
                                                                  1




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0002715
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           geophysical data).       We are now starting to draft the agreement that

           ensures the companies follow-through on these two issues.



           That leaves one issue outstanding and that is our requirement there be

           no export of LNG unless all the utilities have full supply contracts

           in-place (negotiated and approved by the RCA) before they may "lift" LNG

           for export (load cargos - referred to as "boats on the water"). The

           companies have indicated this demand is not commercially reasonable and

           they can find no way to accomodate this requirement. However, the

           companies seem satisfied that we have eliminated two of our demands and

           they are content to proceed to the Dept of Energy (DOE) with one issue

          outstanding.      It is obvious they are comfortable they can make a

          convincing argument to DOE when the issue is heard. Therefore, the

           state's filing will be amended to reflect only one outstanding issue,

          and that amended filing must be presented to DOE by June 26th (unless

          some extension is granted). In the meantime Kevin Banks (DOG) will be

          developing detail on how our resolved issues have been addressed so that

          you (or DNR, whichever you prefer) have the material for a press release

          and information to respond to enquiries from the press. Kevin will

          provide this detail to Meghan Stapleton, Joe Balash and Mike Tibbles.

          This material will be completed by end of the day tomorrow (Thursday).

          One cautionary note: amending the filing and developing press materials

          all assumes that the agreement we are just beginning to develop on the

          two "resolved" issues is finalized and the companies don't back away

          from the verbal agreements.



          Finally, just an FYI. The AGIA Team has been working very diligently on

          developing the RFA and we seem to be on schedule. We are still

          intending to get the RFA on the street on July 2nd, although we are

          simply telling people our "goal" is the first week of July. This all

          presumes nothing insurmountable presents over the next week.

          Let me know if you need any additional information.

          Marty R

                                                              2




                                                                                                        PRA_GSP01_0002716
