Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                         Page 1 of 1


               Unknown

                From :   Frye, Ivy J (GOV) [ivy.frye@alaska.gov]
                Sent:    Thursday, June 21, 2007 4:19 PM
                To:      gov.sarah@yahoo.com; Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
                Subject: Privileged or P^
               In looking further at the statute, the student member of the Board of Education must be nominated by the
               Board of Directors of the Alaska Association of Student Governments . The b&c database said "one
               student member," I cross checked this with my statute book to discover that the person must be
               nominated . I talked to the board contact and Lynne Smith who also confirmed this. The b&c database
               ( over 10 years old) has been updated and now reflects the requirement for this seat.

               Boards where the governor has the authority to appoint the student member include:
               Alaska Community Service Commission (develops the statewide community service plan and
               considers/distributes federal grants to local non-profits)
               Alaska Juvenile Justice Advisory Board (Advises DHSS on ways to improve Alaska's social services and
               juvenile justice system).

               We can plug Privile into either of these boards immediately . I will also explain to him it's My oversight,
               not yours . You were given the wrong advice by me due to the misinformation in my database that I didn't
               check against statute.

               An appointment letter has not been sent to him yet because his term wouldn't have started until July 1.
               My apologies,

              Ivy Frye
              director of boards and commissions
              office of governor sarah palm
              ivy.frye@alaska.gov
              Office (907) 465-3934
              Fax (907) 465-8110




              11/10/2009

                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0002741
