Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown

          From :                      Kristan Cole [kccole@mtaonline.netJ
          Sent:                       Thursday, June 21, 2007 9:48 AM
          To:                         Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); 'Sarah Palin; Stapleton; Meghan N
                                      (GOV); kristan@kristancole.com
          Cc:                         Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
          Subject:                    Mat Maid lost bid School District


          Kris, as you know I was asked yesterday by a radio station about Mat Maid

          losing the bid in the Mat Su Schools in April of '06. I have confirmed with

          the nutritionist of the school district that Mat Maid did lose the bid

          because Mat Maid did not show up with the product samples as required by the

          bid even after being granted an extension of time. Peterkin got the bid. If

          you want more details let me know. Kristan

          -----Original Message-----

          From: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV) [mailto:kris.perry@alaska.gov]

          Sent: Thursday, June 21, 2007 9:07 AM

          To: 'Michael Tibbles'; Sarah Palin; Meghan Stapleton;

          kristan@kristancole.corn

          Cc: Kris Perry

          Subject: Task force



          Governor,



          Spoke w/ Privileged or Per    He was honored but declined. He supports our efforts

          and is very pleased w/the actions taken so far but is concerned about not

          being able to contribute the time needed. However, he wil help out as needed

          if the task force wants to run things by him, etc.



         Privileged or Pp is a yes. So, we have Privileged or Personal Material Redacted
         (Privileged or Personal Material Redacted


         Privileged or P has called me a couple times and really wants to help. He works

          for   Privileged or P   But, it would be nice to have a financial person on there.

         I'll give some thought.


                                                                     1




                                                                                                                PRA GSP01_0002752
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Kris




                                                         2



                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0002753
