Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From:                      Spencer, Kari L (GOV) [kari. spencer@alaska.gov]
          Sent:                      Thursday, June 21 , 2007 7:05 AM
          To:                        gov .sarah @yahoo.com
          Cc:                        Spencer, Kari L (GOV)
          Subject:                   Re: Nga


          Ok! I was going to have them get you a flight out of michigan late on the 22nd of July in
          order for you to attend the pentagon briefing monday July 23 a.m . before they whisk you to
          iraq . Then it looked like they might be able to get you back before the picnic on
          saturday July 28, katz is still trying to confirm that you will return to DC friday July
          27 in the afternoon . He has confirmed July 23 as the day you start .   I have given Tom all
          the NGA info and I will talk to Gary about michigan security. I know he will feel like he
          needs to drive you around -- does nga always supply transportation to Governors , or just in
          D.C? I don't know but I will ask.



          ----- Original Message -----

          From : gov.sarah@yahoo. com <gov . sarah@yahoo.com>

          To: Spencer ,    Kari L (GOV)

          Cc: Tibbles , Michael A       (GOV); Perry, Kristina Y (GOV); Todd Palin < fek9wnr@yahoo.com>

          Sent : Thu Jun 21 05:55 :04 2007

          Subject: Nga



          Kari- hopefully gary contacted you to get the NGA info ?  Kris shall staff that with me if
          she wishes as there are mtgs she may want to attend re: support staff .   Remember I'll be
          leaving early for Iraq . And I want to travel early enough ( at least the day before the
          registration) to make sure I'm there for as much of the beginning of it as possible. I
          don't want to risk travel delays biting into the limted time I'll have there . Thank you



          Also - I'll be assigned an NGA security guy, so diplomatically manuevering through the
          issue of not desiring to see duplication of security services may be a sensitive issue -
          bottom line is we can save the state money if I soley rely on the Michigan trooper who'll
          be assigned to me - and that's quite do - able . Thanks!

          Sent from my BlackBerry ® device from Cellular One




                                                                   1




                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01 _0002765
