Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From :                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
          Sent:                     Thursday, June 21, 2007 6:17 AM
          To:                       Balash; Joseph R (GOV); Tom E Irwin; Martha K Rutherford; Patrick S Galvin; Tibbles;
                                    Michael A (GOV)
          Cc:                       Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Stapleton; Meghan N (GOV)
          Subject :                 Fw: Snarky Editorial- News-Miner


          Remember me saying the editorial board mtg with Newsminer would do us more harm than good
          - that no matter what we said in there it'd be used against us? Here's some confirmation
          of that - and here I thot we were doing them a favor by bringing in cabinet members so
          they could ask them questions in the mtg too - but even that was interpretted negatively
          by editor. Wonder if the Fairbanks delegation gives that editor as much heartburn as I
          cause her?

          Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



          -----Original Message-----

          From :   " Spencer, Kari L (GOV)" <kari. spencer@alaska.gov>



          Date: Wed, 20 Jun 2007 16:19:55

          To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

          Subject: FW: Snarky Editorial- News-Miner




          Hi Govenror: I'm forwarding an email from Merrick. Kari.




           From: m [mailto:merrick@gci.net)

          Sent: Tuesday, June 19, 2007 3:49 PM

          To: Spencer, Kari L (GOV)

          Subject: Snarky Editorial- News-Miner




          Eyes only for Sarah...




                                                                   1




                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0002771
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Hi Kari,




          I had a full and frank exchange of views with the editor of the News-Miner, Kelly Bostian,
          recently over the insulting and inaccurate editorial Kelly wrote about Sarah. Kelly
          offered some frank remarks in response to my email and I thought you would benefit by
          reading what Kelly is really thinking. I've known Kelly for years and he might not be
          as candid with others...



          My advice- after having dealt with the News-Miner editorial board many times, is: Don't.
          The board has a corporatist agenda, and their treatment of Sarah is pretty typical of
          anyone who holds a populist viewpoint. Sarah will get fairer treatment with the News-
          Miner ' s reporters.



          Merrick




          ----- Original Message -----

          From: Kelly Bostian <mailto:editor@newsminer.com>

          To: m <mailto:merrick@gci.net>

          Sent: Friday, June 08, 2007 7:51 AM

         Subject: Re: Snarky Editorial



           Somebody has to say these things and everyone else seems a little too busy enjoying her
         popularity. She could go from superstar to dud in a real big hurry, and we're already
         hearing the rumblings.

            You can't lead by constantly turning to your chiefs to answer the questions that go
         beyond, "we're going to do the right thing for the people of Alaska."

                She's a great politician ... But she's already in office.

            She needs to do something to quiet the Cheerleader -in- Chief jokes. We didn't see it
         in our meeting with her.

            I think the depth will come, but it's not our job to cover up public attitudes and ride
         with the popular crowd.

         kj b




                                                           2




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0002772
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          On 6/8 / 07 3:21 AN,    " m° <merrick@gci . net> wrote:




           Hi Kelly,




          Sarah is the most popular gov in the country because she is doing what she said she was
          going to do , and I see this:



          "Gov. Palin is going to have to grow a lot more than she already has, however, in the
          coming year . The public honeymoon is sure to fade, and the favorable ratings she is now
          enjoying are sure to drop off..."



          She is going to have to       "... grow a lot more..."



          How insulting.



          And inaccurate.



          Thanks for letting me vent.



          Merrick




                                                              3




                                                                                                        PRA GSP0I _0002773
