Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From :                    Kreitzer, Annette E (DOA) [annette. kreitzer@alaska.gov]
         Sent:                     Thursday, June 21, 2007 4:51 PM
         To:                       gov.sarah@yahoo.com
         Subject:                  RE: State Employee Reception


         Thanks so much for agreeing-- the Division Directors are ecstatic! I am relieved at the
         APEA vote.  We'll send a range of dates to Kari for your consideration.

         ak



         -----Original Message-----

         From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com (mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com)

         Sent: Thursday, June 21, 2007 4:33 PM

         To: Kreitzer, Annette E (DOA); Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)

         Subject: Re: State Employee Reception



         Oh yes! Of course! That's a great idea and I'd be honored to have their presence at the
         Gov's House!



         And YEAH to you on the union contract vote!!! You rock.

         Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



         -----Original Message-----

         From: "Kreitzer, Annette E (DOA)" <annette.kreitzer@alaska.gov>



         Date: Thu, 21 Jun 2007 09:31:27

         To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com, "Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>

         Cc:"Kreitzer, Annette E (DOA)" <annette.kreitzer@alaska.gov>

         Subject: State Employee Reception




        Governor:

         I cc'd myself so that you can add my new email address to your contact list.



        I talked with Mike yesterday about how we can recognize State employees who work long
        hours on big projects for the State - coming in on weekends and staying late just to get
        the job done. In DOA, two of these projects are the ALDER and Microsoft Exchange




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01 0002781
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          changeover.  The bureaucratic Administrative Manual allows for hats, vests, etc. - no gift
          certificates because those are taxable - etc.

          The Directors of these two divisions have asked what they can do ("we're way beyond pizza
          here") to recognize the approximately 75 State employees and contractors who have been
          working side by side for months to finish these projects. I've struggled with this
          particular request to help keep up morale with recognition of jobs well done. We looked
          at Tram tickets, jackets/vests, even a whale watching cruise ($2,100) - but, the
          perception of such a reward to State employees would not be good. The Division directors
          understand that.  What they asked for in further discussion is whether the Governor would
          consider a reception at the Governor' s residence in recognition of their hard work? I
          said I thought that was a reasonable request and would ask. The timing is tight - because
          they will scatter back to other projects following July, the timeframe is the last two
          weeks of July or first several days of August.



          Thank you for your consideration of this request. I think it's a bit unusual, but it does
          say something about what they think of their Governor that they think a reception would be
          very honoring for the employees. I think so, too, but you get what I'm saying.

          ak




                                                       2




                                                                                                 PRA GSP01 0002782
