Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Unknown
        From:                     Perez, Linda J (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                  GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=LJPEREZ]
        Sent:                     Saturday, June 23 , 2007 1:20 PM
        To:                       'gov.sarah@yahoo.com'; fek9wnr@yahoo.com
        Cc:                       Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Nizich ; Michael A (GOV); Spencer; Karl L (GOV); Fenumiai; Gail M
                                  (GOV)
        Subject:                  RE: Meals


        Hello Governor,



        You certainly may use the state credit card to purchase meals. In Alaska, the daily meal
        allowance (per diem) is $60.00 per day and covers breakfast ($12.00), lunch ($16.00) and
        dinner ($32.00).  Outside the state the allowance follows federal per diem and varies by
        location.  You and Mr. Palin do not need to keep receipts for meals as we are only able to
        reimburse/pay the allowance amount. These meal allowance limits apply only to your
        personal meals.  The specific meal "allowance" would not apply to the cost of your or the
        First Gentleman/family meals at official lunches or dinners, etc., that you, as Governor,
        may host while on travel status.



        In travel status, you are entitled to the meal allowances except for in those instances
        where meals are provided... ie, if lunch is provided to you at an official event, your
        daily meal allowance reimbursement would be reduced by the lunch portion. If you use the
        state credit card for meals, when we process the TA close-out, we either pay you any
        additional eligible meal allowance or we deduct over-charges from other reimbursement
        checks.  For example, if you charge $40.00 for meals on a given day you will be reimbursed
        an additional $20 for that day. If your state credit card meal charges are $70.00 for a
        day, we will deduct $10.00 from your overall reimbursements. We do need to know if the
        card charges include meals for other travelers in addition to yourself. That way we can
        include all eligible meal allowances when determining if additional meal allowance is to
        be reimbursed or if a portion of the charges need to be reduced from other or future
        reimbursements.




       Governor, as you are the state employee and your duty station is Juneau, you are in travel
       status the entire time you are out of Juneau unless you advise us otherwise. For Mr.
       Palin and your family, if they travel on official business or in their official capacity
       as the First Family, we view them as being in travel status for: the duration of travel to
       and from an event and for the actual time spent at the event for meal allowance purposes
       (unless the meal was provided.) As requested, we have not paid any meal allowances for
       your daughters to date. But as I mentioned to Mr. Palin, at any time you or Mr. Palin
       request, we will calculate and pay applicable meal allowances for any of your daughters'
       trips.



       For Mr. Palin's official travel we are reimbursing for meal allowances when we receive
       enough information to close out the TA. I believe we are 'hatching' Mr. Palin's
       reimbursements so each trip does not generate a check but rather one check for several
       trips.  I would be happy to provide a breakdown of what's been reimbursed and what's still
       pending that we're aware of to date. On your travel and the family's travel, we're unable
       to complete final processing until my shop receives the travel schedules and trip
       specifics and in some instances we may still be waiting information to close out TAs.
       Anytime you do not want a meal reimbursement we've included on a TA, please just scratch
       it out when we send the TA to you for review and signature and we will adjust the payment
       calculations.
                                                                 1



                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0002808
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Sorry to be so long-winded. Please let me know if you want any further info or specific
        travel reimbursement breakdowns, etc.



        Thank you,

        Linda




        ----Original Message-----

        From: Spencer , Kari L (GOV)

        Sent: Tuesday,     June 19, 2007 12:53 PM

        To: Perez ,   Linda J (GOV); Fenumiai, Gail M (GOV)

        Subject: FW: Meals




        -----Original Message-----

        From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

        Sent: Tuesday, June 19, 2007 12:34 PM

        To: Spencer, Kari L (GOV)

        Cc: 'fek9wnr@yahoo.com'; Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)

        Subject: Meals



        Kari - pls forward to Linda Perez:



       Am I supposed to be charging meals while I am away from Juneau? Or does per diem cover my
       meals - I haven't charged any meals to the state, just a couple of coffees while Outside
       during these six months in office. Am I doing this right?



       What about Todd's meals if he's traveling for First Gentlemen duties? Is the intent for
       his per diem to cover meals entirely, or was he to have been keeping receipts for
       reimbursements? What about family?



       I'd like to be real clear especially going into July where we've been asked if we can be
       away from Gov's House during renovations.




                                                           2



                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0002809
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Thanks Linda- sorry to bug you about policy I'm still not clear on.



        Thanks! SP




                                                      3
