Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                 Page 1 of 3


              Unknown
              From :     John Katz [jwkatz@ALASKADC.orgj
              Sent:      Monday, June 25 , 2007 12:26 PM
              To:        Governor Sarah Palin
              Cc:        Bishop; Samuel T (GOV); Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Nizich ; Michael A (GOV)
              Subject: Interior Appropriations/Riders
              Mike Nizich asked me to respond to your request for further information
              concerning my previous email on riders in the House Appropriations process.

              The Interior Appropriations Bill will be debated on the House Floor tomorrow.
              Several amendments are expected, including at least four that would affect
              Alaska. We don't yet know exactly which amendments will be proposed.

                     The Udall Amendment would prevent the use of recordable disclaimers of
                      interest to confirm RS 2477 Rights of Way and would prohibit the use of
                      a series of decisions issued by former Secretary Gale Norton. Recordable
                      disclaimers can be issued by the BLM to confirm Rights of Way or
                      navigable waters decisions. They are seen as a cost effective alternative
                      to protracted litigation. Secretary Norton's RS 2477 decisions were based
                      on a Tenth Circuit Court decision deemed favorable to the Western
                      public land states.

                       The state has opposed a previous version of the Udall Amendment, and
                       we have consulted with DNR on this one. The amendment would
                       probably have no significant impact now, but it could later on. Alaska
                       and Utah would be the principal victims.

                     The King Cove Amendment, if introduced, would prohibit the proposed
                      land exchange between Interior, the State, and the village of King Cove.
                      Recently, the Congressional delegation proposed legislation to
                      consummate the exchange, and you have previously expressed your
                      support for the exchange.

                       The legislation is pending before the House Resources Committee. The
                       amendment would have the effect of preempting the normal legislative
                       process in favor of an appropriations rider.

                     The Tongass Amendment would prohibit the use of Federal funds to
                      construct timber roads in roadless areas . The amendment has been
                      opposed previously by the state and the timber industry, because it
                      would preempt the Tongass planning process and cripple the industry by
                      denying access to certain timber sales . Our current concern with the
                      amendment is premised on the state's recent comments to the Forest
                      Service regarding TLMP revisions.

                     The Polar Bear Amendment would prohibit the importation of bear parts
                      from Canada. The Department of Fish and Game, Interior, and the
                      International Association of Fish and Wildlife agencies oppose the


             11/10/2009

                                                                                                               PRA GSP01_0002813
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                        Page 2 of 3


                     amendment.

                     Trophy hunting of Polar Bears is extremely important to the indigenous people
                     of Canada. Guided hunts provide income and an incentive to conserve the
                     resource . Some of the funds are used to implement the polar bear
                     management program in Canada.

                     The amendment would have the effect of curtailing hunting, but the USFWS
                     doesn't believe that hunting is the problem. The amendment does nothing to
                     deal with the loss of critical habitat, which is the factor that the USFWS has
                     identified as the problem.


                  . During committee consideration , the House Appropriations Committee adopted
                    legislative history requiring that certain studies occur in Bristol Bay before
                    lease sales could occur. These studies would focus on environmental,
                    economic , and oil spill considerations . Because these studies are similar to
                    what would be required in any event under the National Environmental Policy
                    Act, Interior and the oil industry had no objection. Also, there is legislation
                    pending before the House Resources Committee that would prohibit a lease
                    sale.

                    Accordingly, it is thought that an amendment will not be proposed or, if it is, it
                    will be opposed on the grounds that the committee report language already
                    addresses the subject.


              With all of this in mind , I felt comfortable contacting Congressman Young's staff to
              offer our assistance . Our opposition to the above amendments seems consistent
              with positions you have taken on related issues and / or with discussions with
              members of the Cabinet . The situation here is moving so quickly that I felt the need
              to express our concerns as soon as the news of the amendments became public.

              If I can provide further information , or if you have any concerns about the forgoing,
              please let me know.


              Please note that my email address has changed . My new email address is
              iwkatalaskadc.org. Thank you.




             11/10/2009

                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0002814
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                    Page 3 of 3




             11/10/2009

                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0002815
