Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                              Page 1 of I



              Unknown

              From :     Sean R Parnell [sr_parnell@gov.state.ak.us]
              Sent:      Monday, June 25, 2007 1:48 PM
              To:        gov.sarah@yahoo.com
              Subject: Quick notes on a few things we're hearing

               1. Orin Seybert called to ask that you spare the Aviation Heritage Museum capital grant of
                  250K. He says it all goes into keeping the museum functioning for the general public.
               2. Jesse Lee Home supporters called asking that you spare that appropriation. Privileged or
                    Privileged or Personal Material Redacted



             . 3. Telecommunications-more concerns coming in that our ETS (Enterprise Technology
                    Systems) group is a problem and that DOA doesn't have the firepower or outside
                    knowledge/help to stave off entrenched Motorola interests. Privileged or Personal Material Red
                    Privileged or Personal Material Redacted                     if Pat Ladner at the Kodiak
                    space launch is truly saying that he doesn't need the satellite towers proposed under the
                    capital budget because he has fiber cable... Privileged or Personal Material Redacted
                    Privileged or Personal Material Red.   Also, it was proposed again by a caller that you have a
                  cabinet or subcabinet level person responsible directly to you for IT/ETS problem solving.
               4. BP President Doug Suttle made a very strong statement in front of the Anchorage
                  Chamber lunch (AOGA) that BP could not submit a conforming application under AGIA.
                  (He didn't say why and didn't say they wouldn't submit.) This, after he made a point of
                  coming over to me to say that you had phoned their CEO and he looked forward to a
                  productive working relationship....




            8/25/2009

                                                                                                              PRA GSPO1_0002822
