Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                Page 1 of 1


              Unknown

              From :    Frye, Ivy J (GOV) [ivy.frye@alaska.gov]
              Sent:    Tuesday, June 26, 2007 8:16 AM
              To:      gov. sarah @yahoo.com; Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
              Subject: Privileged or Pert
             Privileged or Personal Material Redacted
             Privileged or Personal Material ( . I just wanted to pass on some great audio I found on the
             ADN website from Bobbi Quintavell. In it she says she's excited about what Governor Palin
             is doing for the state and that she looks forward to watching her leadership evolve. The link
             is attached, as well as some bio info I found. Just a thought.

             http: //72.14.253.104/ search?
             g=cache :cVGmYlybgisJ: www.adn . com/money/ industries/native corporations /+ bobbi +guintz



             Bobbi Quintavell 's background
             (Published: February 4, 2007)

             Age: 45

             Hometown : Barrow

             Education : Bachelor's in business administration from the University of Alaska Anchorage;
             completed executive development program at Harvard University.

             Job title : Chief executive and president, Arctic Slope Regional Corp.

             Career track : North Slope community health aide; village liaison for the North Slope
             Borough planning department; video production assistant for borough; fuel manager for
             Eskimo Inc.; executive director of the Arctic Slope Native Association; vice president of
             corporate relations for Petro Star, Inc.; chief executive of Arctic Slope Construction Holding
             Co.

             Volunteer activities : Include visiting schools and talking to students across the North
             Slope. She has done this on her own and with Inupiaq dog musher John Baker.

             What's in her office : A framed 1920s black-and-white photo of a dog musher and his
             team traversing through broken ice. The caption in Inupiaq translates to something like, "If
             you think you have a tough road to follow, just take a look at this guy."



             Ivy Frye
             director of boards and commissions
             office of governor sarah palm
             ivy.fiye@alaska.gov
             Office (907) 465-3934
             Fax (907) 465-8110




             11/10/2009

                                                                                                              PRA_GSPOI 0002824
