Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                      Page 1 of 1


             Unknown
              From :    Frye, Ivy J (GOV) [ivy.frye@alaska.gov]
              Sent:    Thursday, June 28, 2007 4:18 PM
              To:       gov.sarah@yahoo.com; Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
              Subject : B&C Update
             I know you are both swamped with the budget so I thought I'd pass on a non-numbers update for you
             guys. I've been in contact with lots of original supporters. All are very excited to serve. Here are a few
             that have started terms, or who are in the process of filling out applications.

             Phil Schneider, Community Service Commission
             Judy Bredberg, Community Service Commission
             Britta Hansen, Community Service Commission
             Kerm Ketchum, LBC (July 1)
             Sandy Hoeft, Emergency Medical Services (I got a hold of Juanita and tracked her down)
             Juanita Fuller ( I killed 2 birds with 1 stone that day)
             Don Benson
             Adrian Lane
             Marilyn Lane
             Griz Smith, Safety Advisory Council
             Amy McCorkell, Alcohol Drug Abuse
             Floyd Dollerhide, Water and Waste Water Advis

             You've made a total of 111 appointments since taking office December 4th. We're doing good.

             Todd gave me some names from Dillingham this week. Sally and Chuck Jr. gave me a lot of names in
             the Valley and Rural. Juneau Chamber luncheons have brought about people too. I have June and July
             recommendations ready to go when you guys have a minute to breathe. I really feel good about them. I
             reached out to a wide supporter base with the help of the people mentioned above and several others.
             Dan was great. He's swamped finishing up in DNR, but is a very welcome addition.

             Thanks, and good luck with the budget.

             Ivy Frye
             director of boards and commissions
             office of governor sarah palin
             ivy.frye@alaska.gov
             Office (907) 465-3934
             Fax (907) 465-8110




             11/10/2009

                                                                                                                    PRA_GSP01_0002846
