Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From :                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.gov]
         Sent:                     Thursday, June 28, 2007 3:50 PM
         To:                       Ikonecky@ci.wasilla.ak.us
         Subject:                  RE: Other


         Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
         information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
         unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
         being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
         need, suggestion, or comment.



         -----Original Message-----

         From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

         Sent: Thursday, June 28, 2007 3:53 PM

         To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

         Subject: Other



        Web mail from: Ms. Lisa Albert-Konecky

        address: 290 E. Herning Ave. Wasilla AK 99654

          907-373-9045



        MESSAGE:

        Dear Governor Palin;

        First I would like to thank you for all the hard, honest, work that you and your staff are
        doing!  Our state is the best, isn't it?

        I want to ask if you have room in your schedule to speak at the upcoming Regional Youth
        Court Conference that will be held on November 9-11th in Seattle, WA.

        The state of Washington has been trying to collaborate with us to have a conference and
        share ideas on how different places run their courts, and Alaska is in the front lines of
        the youth court movement.

        I understand that Tucker Minnick has already contacted your office but I wanted to also
        ask you myself.

        Youth Courts around the state continue to grow! The Mat-Su Youth Court just recently
        assisted Dillingham in starting a school based program. I was also asked to serve on the
        task force to organize the National Association of Youth Courts which will become official
        this December. And, Anchorage Youth Court is involved with getting a proclamation through
        Congress to make public National Youth Court Month in September by working with Senators
        Stevens and Murkowski.

        As you can see, the youth court movement has continued to grow and Alaska remains a big
        part of this growth!

        Thank you for your attention to this worthwhile cause,


                                                                1




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0002847
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Lisa Albert-Konecky, Program Coordinator, Mat-Su Youth Court



        lkonecky@ci. wasilla.ak.us

        PLEASE ADD TO E-NEWS




                                                       2
