Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Unknown
        From :                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
        Sent:                     Thursday, June 28, 2007 5:21 PM
        To:                       Frye; Ivy J (GOV)
        Subject:                  Re: B&C Update


        Thanks so much Ivy - this sounds great and I'm glad you'll like working with Dan!

        Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



        -----Original Message-----

        From : "Frye, Ivy J (GOV)" <ivy. frye@alaska.gov>



        Date: Thu, 28 Jun 2007 16:17:49

        To: gov.saraheyahoo.com, mike_tibbles@gov.state.ak.us

        Subject: B&C Update




        I know you are both swamped with the budget so I thought I'd pass on a non-numbers update
        for you guys. I've been in contact with lots of original supporters. All are very
        excited to serve. Here are a few that have started terms, or who are in the process of
        filling out applications.



        Phil Schneider, Community Service Commission

        Judy Bredberg, Community Service Commission

        Britta Hansen, Community Service Commission

        Kerm Ketchum, LBC (July 1)

        Sandy Hoeft, Emergency Medical Services (I got a hold of Juanita and tracked her down)

        Juanita Fuller.( I killed 2 birds with 1 stone that day)

        Don Benson

        Adrian Lane

        Marilyn Lane

        Griz Smith, Safety Advisory Council

        Amy McCorkell, Alcohol Drug Abuse

        Floyd Dollerhide, Water and Waste Water Advis



       You've made a total of 111 appointments since taking office December 4th. We're doing
       good.
                                                               1




                                                                                                         PRA_GSP01_0002852
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Todd gave me some names from Dillingham this week. Sally and Chuck Jr. gave me a lot of
        names in the Valley and Rural. Juneau Chamber luncheons have brought about people too. I
        have June and July recommendations ready to go when you guys have a minute to breathe. I
        really feel good about them. I reached out to a wide supporter base with the help of the
        people mentioned above and several others.  Dan was great . He's swamped finishing up in
        DNR, but is a very welcome addition.



        Thanks , and good luck with the budget.



        Ivy Frye

        director of boards and commissions

        office of governor sarah palin

        ivy.frye@alaska.gov

        Office    ( 907) 465-3934

        Fax (907 )   465-8110




                                                         2




                                                                                                    PRA_GSP01 _0002853
