Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                    Page 1 of 1


             Unknown

             From :    Frye, Ivy J (GOV) [ivy.frye@alaska.gov]
             Sent:     Friday, June 29, 2007 2:57 PM
             To:      gov.sarah@yahoo.com
            Subject: FW: hey
            Governor,

            Good job today! We all enjoyed listening to the press conference.

            Wanted to let you know that I have a couple of box seats at the Miners' field going unused if you, or the
            girls, or any of the crew want to use them tomorrow. Have funl


            From: Pete Christopher [mailto:gmminers@gci.net]
            Sent: Friday, June 29, 2007 2:52 PM
            To. Frye, Ivy J (GOV)
            Subject: Re: hey

            Sounds good! You have your seats with your name on them. You might want to let your friends or family
            use them when you aren't around. Looking forward to seeing you.

            denise
               - Original Message -----
              From: Frye. Ivy J (GOV)
              To: amminersCa-Dgci.net
              Sent: Friday, June 29, 200711:18 AM
              Subject: hey

              Hey guys,

              I won't be able to make it up for the game tomorrow but tell the governor I say hi. She's excited to be
              there. This will be one of the fun events of the summer.

              Ivy Frye
              director of boards and commissions
              office of governor sarah palin
              ivyfrve(&a1aska. ov
              Office (907) 465-3934
              Fax (907) 465-8110




            11/10/2009

                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0002856
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


             Re: Ag day                                                                                          Page 1 of 1


             Unknown

             From :   Tibbles, Michael A (GOV) [mike.tibbles@alaska.gov)
             Sent:    Friday, June 29, 2007 12:54 AM
             To:      gov.sarah @yahoo.com
             Subject: budget open
             Karen is still working on some revised spending plan sheets that we can pull more off in the am
             but here is a different approach for the open...


             Today, I will sign the Fiscal Year 2008 operating, capital and mental health budgets.

             It is a pleasure to be joined at this event by members of my cabinet and members of the
             Legislature. I know all of you have worked very hard in this process.

             It is very appropriate for all of us to be here today. To the legislators who helped craft the
             budget and to my cabinet members and others who will implement the budget, I believe we all
             share the same vision and desire to see a bright future for Alaska. I know we share the goals of
             creating a strong economy with good jobs, an education system that is world class in preparing
             our children for those jobs, safer communities and good solid infrastructure.

             The budget before us will set us on a course to make that vision a reality by prioritizing our
             spending, making substantial investments in core service areas and saving for our future.

             Let me touch on some of our investments...

             Our budget will provide over $1 billion in financial assistance to our local school districts,
             putting more money where it counts - right into the classroom. We are also committing nearly
             $60 million in capital dollars to help our districts with everything from books, to equipment, to
             maintenance.

             We are committing nearly $86 million to help meet our transportation needs.

             We have met our commitment of providing $48 million in municipal assistance, to help local
             communities fund their priorities and provide property tax relief.

             We have directed the appropriate resources to the Departments of Natural Resources and
             Revenue to keep the gas pipeline project moving and on schedule . And as we committed in
             AGIA, we have begun our multi-year program of increasing job training in preparation for the
             gas pipeline.

             We will continue to fund our Senior Assistance program, helping our low income seniors.

             We have made a significant contribution to our state, local governments and our school districts
             by providing assistance to help pay for increasing retirement costs.

             And we also are saving for our future, including a $1 billion deposit into the education fund and
             $50 million into the Constitutional Budget Reserve. In addition, I will be vetoing over $233
             million in projects that will help save additional funds for future critical needs.

             Let me tell you about my approach to this budget.



             11/10/2009
                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0002857
