Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                               Page 1 of 1


             Unknown
              From :   Erika Fagerstrom [erika_fagerstrom @gov.state .ak.usi
             Sent:     Friday, June 29, 2007 2:15 AM
             To:      gov. sarah@yahoo.com
             Subject: House
             Hello Governor,

             I apologize that a member of the House staff gave out any information in regards to your family
             which has resulted in negative press towards your administration and has unnecessarily used up
             valuable time,

             Today a contractor told me that he'd heard that the Palin family might not be returning and that
             the kids had been enrolled in the Wasilla school district & not Jnu. AND then proceeded to ask
             me if this was true.
             I called the House staff tonight and used the contractor question from tonight and Privile i s email
             incident to spring board into a conversation on the urgency and importance of making sure that
             all information that we are privy to is strictly confidential . Confidentiality has always been
             stressed with the staff at the Governor' s House but with everything happening I told them that I
             felt that a phone call from me was necessary to enforce our long standing policies- especially in
             light of the recent events with the email and the article.

            When I talked to Diane, she mentioned that she was sent an email. She read it to me- and it
            mentioned that the Palin family would not be returning until the fall. I'm not sure if I would've
            even been aware of the reporter/interview/email situation if I hadn't approached Privileg er
            her phone call with Mike and asked her what was happening- even then it took a phone call and
            more questions to kind of put it together and a phone call to Diane (after you & I talked).

            As for the House schedule- it is common knowledge with the contractor/workers that the your
            family will not be in Juneau the month of July due to the window project and that I want the
            window's done in time for the start of the school year in August. Other then that, I tell them that
            I don't know the family's decisions for enrolling their kids and I'm not really at liberty to discuss
            things.

            I wanted to let you know that 1.) I talked to the staff tonight and a strong point was made coming
            from me w. no reflection on anything/anyone else and 2.)I'm sorry for my part- in not doing a
            better job- in protecting your privacy and that of your family. I never would've expected the
            House to be a source of negative press. Ugh!

            Erika




            11/10/2009

                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0002859
