Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                               Page 1 of 3



              Unknown

               From :     Fagerstrom , Erika (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                          GROU P/CN=RECIPIENTS/ CN=EFAGERSTROM]
               Sent:      Friday, June 29 , 2007 2:07 PM
               To:        gov.sarah@yahoo.com
               Subject: RE: House

             Hello Governor,

             I'm sure you can relate- that when everyone 's asleep at home- you can actually concentrate on what you 're doing, so that was
             part of the reason for the late night.

             The contractor hasn't been by today, but I' ll let you know what he has to say when I do see him . That's horrible that Willow
             received a threat from someone in Juneau ! I will certainly be covering your family in prayer and that God would give you
             and Todd wisdom in the decisions concerning your family.

             " A man's mind plans his way, but the Lord directs his steps and makes them
             sure"                                                          Proverbs 16:9
             I pray for God's wisdom as you ask for His guidance and direction regarding what's best for you and your family this coming
             year. I pray that God will fill you with a confidence in those decisions as you obey Him and that He will strengthen you to
             walk firmly and boldly into the plans He has for you, the State and yourfamily. That the darts that would try to steal precious
             time and energy would fall to the side as you plow through the different areas and issues that need plowing and that he'd
             continue to give you His peace & strength.

             Just wanted to add that- I won't be the obnoxious lady sending you the Jesus emails and quoting scripture left & right
             and meddling in your business. You're the Governor, I'm the House Manager- not your Pastor/Spiritual Advisor, etc... This
             is and will be a very rare exception that I'll go on like this. Promise! :)

             At the staff meeting today I stressed once again the importance of us maintaining a high level of confidentiality. The staff
             could clearly see the lack ofjudgment in sending out the email with information regarding your family. Privile agrees
             wholeheartedly that it was a bad decision, and has stated once again that there was no malicious intent on her part. I did
             stress that this was very serious and unnecessarily robbed valuable time from taking care of important state business. Very
             important lesson learned, and a wake up call to all of us. Absolutely do not expect this to be an issue in the future!

              My take is that I'm getting the House ready for the start of the school year, regardless of rumors or if you and Todd decide to
             enroll the kids in Wasilla--the House will be ready! We're doing our best to keep this window restoration project on
             schedule, so as far as the contractor knows I want it ready for the school year. No ones business who's in the House- that's
             the time frame we've set for the project.

             Please let me know if there is anything that you need!

             Thank you,

             Erika

              "What happens in the douse, stays in the Mouse"


             Erika Fagerstrom
             Executive Residence Manager & Assistant to the First Gentleman
             Governor's House
             State of Alaska, Office of the Governor




              8/25/2009
                                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01 0002873
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                                 Page 2 of 3


            716 Calhoun Avenue, Juneau, Alaska 99801
            Phone: 907-465-3500 ; Fax: 907-465-2031


            -----Original Message----
            From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto :gov.sarah(iyahoo.com]
            Sent: Friday, June 29, 2007 2:59 AM
            To: Fagerstrom, Erika (GOV)
            Cc: Todd Palin
            Subject: Re: House

            Thank you Erika and don't lose any more sleep over this - so strange that rumors fly the way they do. I'm torn between
            wanting to correct the reporter's and Pri s comments or just deciding it should not be anyone's business where my kids go to
            school so I won't comment at all about the issue.

            Please ask that contractor where he heard the girls were enrolled in Wasilla? Piper and Willow are not, but the reaction to the
            rumors that "we're not coming back" (as was evidently written in NN email that the reporter wrote about ) is so unsettling
            that -especially for Todd- that it's tempting to protect these kids from the ugly aspect of the spotlight and just let them try to
            live a more normal life that they're used to in their hometown.

            Between the events surrounding reaction to a sensible move to cut back Stefs hours and a recent very, very ugly threat
            Willow received from a Juneau girl - its not been a good couple of days on the family front.

            PfivIw as wrong to send an email claiming we 're not coming back - not only was it incorrect but it obviously violated privacy
            issues relating to my family . Very disappointing, but what's done is done and the episode will give Todd and me an
            opportunity to consider what would be best for our kids next year - considering the reaction resulting from this episode.

            Thanks Erika. And I know you understand the time constraints I've been under with the state budget items being vetoed and
            finalized in just a few hours from now - in addition to many others issues on the administration 's plate.


            Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One

            -Original Message----
            From: Erika Fagerstrom <erika fagerstrom@gov.state . ak.us>

            Date: Fri, 29 Jun 2007 02:15:07
            To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com
            Subject: House


            Hello Governor,

            I apologize that a member of the House staff gave out any
            Today a contractor told me that he'd heard that the Palin family might not be returning and that the kids had been enrolled in
            the Wasilla school district & not Jnu. AND then proceeded to ask me if this was true.
            I called the House staff tonight and used the contractor question from tonight and Privil s email incident to spring board into
            a conversation on the urgency and importance of making sure that all information that we are privy to is strictly
            confidential. Confidentiality has always been stressed with the staff at the Governor's House but with everything happening
            I told them that I felt that a phone call from me was necessary to enforce our long standing policies- especially in light of the
            recent events with the email and the article.
            When I talked to Diane, she mentioned that she was sent an email. She read it to me- and it mentioned that the Palin family
            would not be returning until the fall. I'm not sure if I would've even been aware of the reporter/interview /email situation if I
            hadn't approached wafter her phone call with Mike and asked her what was happening- even then it took a phone call
            and more questions to kind of put it together and a phone call to Diane (after you & I talked).
            As for the House schedule- it is common knowledge with the contractor/workers that the your family will not be in Juneau
            the month of July due to the window project and that
            I wanted to let you know that 1.) I talked to the staff tonight and a strong point was made coming from mew. no reflection on
            anything/anyone else and 2.)I'm sorry for my part- in not doing a better job- in protecting your privacy and that of your
            family. I never would've expected the House to be a source of negative press. Ugh!
            Erika



             8/25/2009
                                                                                                                                  PRA_GSP01 _0002874
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                   Page 3 of 3




            8/25/2009

                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0002875
