Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From :                    Tibbles, Michael A (GOV) [mike.tibbles@alaska.gov]
          Sent:                     Saturday, June 30, 2007 5:36 PM
          To:                       gov.sarah@yahoo.com
          Subject:                  Re: budget


          Since Karen is out, I will need to use Joan and her staff to help pull backup information.
          I am somewhat frustrated because Meg knew she would be out and that Sharon would be
          traveling;  however they would not help me put a comprehensive plan in place to 1) make
          sure we have the necessary staff to get the job done and 2) roll out the budget (not just
          a press release but a plan for op eds, letters, and communication outreach including the
          use of our commissioners and their press staff.

          As expected, we are now scrambling.

          Our press office refused serius consideration of anyone new. You and I worked out the
          plan to recruit in the paper, hire Mark, and then hire Dan to help us. If we would not
          have insisted on that, just think about the position we would be in. I have a resume I
          would like to share with you as well as talk about how I think we could make some
          improvements in communications.




          I believe Dimond was a booster request and did not come in through the district. We tried
          to model the school district reimbursement program where the duistrict goes to the voters
          for major projects and then the state reimburses the district 70's of the cost. Juneau did
          that and Chugiak did basically something similar but through a different mechanism.




          ----- Original Message -----

          From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com <gov. sarah@yahoo.com>

          To: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)

          Cc: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV); Rehfeld, Karen J (GOV)

          Sent : Sat Jun 30 17:14:24 2007

          Subject: Re: budget



          What's the deal with Dimond High's artificial turf that's cut from our budget (tho that
          doesn't "kill" the project be there's other funding sources for ASD projects) - it was top
          news story on KTUU but I missed much of it - sounded like they're almost complete with the
          project but now won't have any field at all be of the cut? No turf or sod be of their
          plans/promise for state funds to complete field by this fall"s season. Who's their
          legislator?



          We're going to need more help than just us mike - who else can help with the responses
          affected parties are expecting re: explanations for budget?

          Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0002876
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          -----Original Message-----

          From: "Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>



          Date: Sat, 30 Jun 2007 16:47:57

          To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

          Subject: Re: budget




         Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




           Mike



            ----- Original Message -----

           From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

           To: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)

           Cc: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

           Sent : Sat Jun 30 14:59:25 2007

           Subject: Fw: budget



           Since Bitney obviously didn't communicate with Legislators as my leg               liason through this
          - pls call Hollis as Sean suggests . I. also got calls last night from              folks (even a city
          official) that some of the items we kept in the budget were NOT their               city's priority -
          yet we cut things they had worked on as "highest priority" with their               legislators. We
          didn't get the word thru the Leg Liason office what those were.



           Also, Rep Nueman is trying to stir things up about us with budget cuts - he went right to
          the movers and shakers to bad mouth the vetoes, I'm told.

           Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



           -----Original Message-----

           From: S R Parnell <sr parnell@gov.state.ak.us>



           Date: Sat, 30 Jun 2007 14:53:42

           To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

                                                              2




                                                                                                        PRA_GSP01_0002877
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Subject : budget




           Thought the budget release has gone well. Two items came to mind as I

           read reports today.


           Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




           Just a few tweaks in an otherwise good budget release.



           Sean




                                                               3
