Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown

          From :                    Rehfeld, Karen J (GOV) [karen.rehfeld@alaska.gov]
          Sent :                    Saturday, June 30, 2007 5:25 PM
          To:                       'gov.sarah@yahoo.com'; Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
          Cc:                       Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
          Subject:                  Re: budget


          Perhaps education could talk with the school district folks to see where the project is. I
          don't know if it was Dimond or south but the booster club got way out in front and did not
          know how much the project would cost. Yet another to work through the school district on
          priorities and going through the state debt reimbursement program. I am not certain who
          the legislator is. Mike let me know how I can help from here! KJR



          ----- original message -----

          From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

          To: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)

          Cc: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV); Rehfeld, Karen J (GOV)

          Sent: Sat Jun 30 17:14:24 2007

          Subject: Re: budget



          What's the deal with Dimond High's artificial turf that's cut from our budget (tho that
          doesn't "kill" the project be there's other funding sources for ASD projects) - it was top
          news story on KTUU but I missed much of it - sounded like they're almost complete with the
          project but now won't have any field at all be of the cut? No turf or sod be of their
          plans/promise for state funds to complete field by this fall"s season. Who's their
          legislator?




         We're going to need more help than just us mike - who else can help with the responses
         affected parties are expecting re: explanations for budget?

         Sent from my B1ackBerry® device from Cellular one



          -----Original Message-----

         From: "Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>



         Date : Sat, 30 Jun 2007 16:47:57

         To:gov.sarah®yahoo.com

         Subject: Re: budget




       Privileged or Personal Material Redacted

                                                                 1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0002879
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



        Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




           Mike



           ----- Original Message -----

           From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

           To: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)

           Cc: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

           Sent: Sat Jun 30 14:59:25 2007

           Subject: Fw: budget



           Since Bitney obviously didn' t communicate with Legislators as my leg liason through this
          - pls call Hollis as Sean suggests . I also got calls last night from folks ( even a city
          official ) that some of the items we kept in the budget were NOT their city's priority -
          yet we cut things they had worked on as "highest priority" with their legislators. We
          didn ' t get the word thru the Leg Liason office what those were.



           Also , Rep Nueman is trying to stir things up about us with budget cuts                 - he went right to
          the movers and shakers to bad mouth the vetoes , I'm told.

           Sent from my BlackBerry ® device from Cellular one



           -----Original Message-----

           From : S R Parnell <sr parnell@ gov.state . ak.us>.



           Date :   Sat, 30 Jun 2007 14:53:42

           To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

           Subject: budget




          Thought the budget release has gone well . Two items came to mind as I

          read reports today.


          Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




                                                              2




                                                                                                        PRA_GSP01_0002880
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




           Just a few tweaks in an otherwise good budget release.



           Sean




                                                            3



                                                                                                       PRA_GSP01_0002881
