Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From :                     Tibbles, Michael A (GOV) [mike. tibbles@alaska.gov]
          Sent:                      Saturday, June 30, 2007 4:31 PM
          To:                        gov.sarah@yahoo.com
          Subject:                   Re: budget


          I talked to mark earlier and he is working on an op ed.  I left a message with Craig
          Campbell about an op ed countering Begich (troop deployment) and I talked to Kevin Meyer's
          staff and will follow up with Kevin about sending in a piece about how well Anchorage did
          this year.



          I will call Hollis. I think the Democrats are being too political for it to do much good
          but at least we will be able to tell folks that we already cleared that up.



          Mike



          ----- Original Message -----

          From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

          To: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)

          Cc: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

          Sent: Sat Jun 30 14:59:25 2007

          Subject: Fw: budget



          Since Bitney obviously didn't communicate with Legislators as my leg liason through this -
          pls call Hollis as Sean suggests. I also got calls last night from folks (even a city
          official) that some of the items we kept in the budget were NOT their city's priority -
          yet we cut things they had worked on as "highest priority" with their legislators. We
          didn't get the word thru the Leg Liason office what those were.



          Also, Rep Nueman is trying to stir things up about us with budget cuts - he went right to
          the movers and shakers to bad mouth the vetoes, I'm told.

          Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular one



          -----Original Message-----

          From : S R Parnell <sr parnell@gov.state . ak.us>



          Date: Sat, 30 Jun 2007 14:53:42

          To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

          Subject: budget


                                                                   1




                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01_0002884
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Thought the budget release has gone well. Two items came to mind as I

          read reports today.


        Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




          Just a few tweaks in an otherwise good budget release.



          Sean




                                                             2




                                                                                                       PRA_GSP01 _0002885
