Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From :                    Tibbles, Michael A (GOV) [mike.tibbles@alaska.gov]
          Sent :                    Saturday, June 30, 2007 4:21 PM
          To:                       gov.sarah@yahoo.com
          Subject:                  Re: Ethics Bill ASAP


          We do have the ethics bill.  Bitney confirmed that he received it. Getting the budget
          ready took so much effort that I personally was happy that we did not have another thing
          on our plate that day . We can sign it anytime now. Kris is helping me work out a
          schedule for the bill signings . We will get a bunch done tuesday . Also,   the Senate just
          sent us more but we have time to schedule those later. I will pull a team of me, Kris,
          Dan, and Chris Clark together to work out a plan for the rest.




          ----- Original Message -----

          From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

          To: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)

          Cc: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

          Sent ; Sat Jun 30 15:43:20 2007

          Subject: Ethics Bill ASAP



          Tibs: what did bitney do with the ethics bill? Remember he said he was having it fed exd
          up - did he do that and did he set up the ceremony for it to be signed as I asked him to
          do?



          The past weeks of distractions and spill-over in the Leg Liason office warrant the action
          that must be taken for our administration to better serve the public.



         I trust the other 18 bills to be signed are all ready to go, per bitney's assurances that
         legislators and paperwork are all ready to go. The ceremonies all set and all is in order
         before the bills' due dates? That was his responsibility- not yours or Kris or anyone
         elses.



         Do folks agree now that it would have been ideal to sign Ethics with legislators when we
         rolled out vetoes? Too bad the bill wasn 't ready that day.

         Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One




                                                                  1




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0002886
