Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From:                     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
          Sent:                     Monday, July 02, 2007 10:19 AM
          To:                       scokinc@ak.net
          Subject:                  RE: Seniors


          Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
          information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
          unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
          being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
          need, suggestion, or comment.



          -----Original Message-----

          From : WebMail@gov . state . ak.us (mailto : WebMail@gov . state . ak.us)

         Sent : Sunday ,   July 01,   2007 1:31 PM

         To: Governor Sarah Palin        ( GOV sponsored)

         Subject : Seniors



         Web mail from: Ms. Patricia Branson

         address: 302 Erskine Kodiak AK 99615

           907-486-6181



         MESSAGE:

         Gov. Palin:

         First I would like of thank you for extending Senior Care benefits.for seniors until July
         31, 2007.  This act prompted the Legislature to take up the bill in a special session and
         do the right thing in getting theese much needed benefits for low income Alaskan seniors
         in place.




         Second: With your capital budget vetoes, our agency, Senior Citizens of Kodiak, Inc. was
         vetoed $15,000 for equipment and maintenance projects. I understand your need to hold
         budgets in line. What is disappointing to me as an Executive Director is that our agency
         has taken advantage to write grants for capital projects every time a grant proposal for
         deferred maintenance is available from the state. There have been several deferred
         maintenance grants available just for senior centers, and agencies who serve seniors and
         other Alaska Mental Health Trust beneficiaries in the last two years.     Many of the
         senior agencies who were not vetoed for capital projects in the 2008 capital budget have
         not done taken the time or used the opportunity to write proposals for these grants, but
         yet they have been awarded maintenance and equipment funds in the FY2008 capital budget.
         Their funds stayed in tact.




        So the message I am receiving from the state is those agencies who do not write grants
        (our last one for deferred maintenance was 231 pages in length), get funded and rewarded
        for NOT writing grants and we who do, get penalized. The reason given for our agency's
        veto was that the "funds were duplicate." I am guessing this referral was to the recent
                                                                1




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0002906
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          grant award we received from the 231 pages-the grant amount was $68,000. When I reviewed
          the capital budget and noted projects in Sterling, Soldotna, Nikiski and all around the
          state and I went back to review to see if any of these agencies had written deferred
          maintenance grants, (I always ask for the list of agencies who have written the grants and
          the scores for each at the end of the grant process), I was amazed to see that none had
          done so.  So, our agency writes the grant (and you can only do so on weekends and week
          nights to complete the grant proposal) and we get $15,000 taken away-those funds which
          could have been used!

           for OTHER maintenance projects for our building     ( built in 1985).



          it is discouraging to have taken such time and efforts on behalf of our staff and Board of
          Directors to continue to seek grants funds, write the proposals, get awarded the funds,
          only to know that there is an " easier " way of getting those funds. I only wish I had
          known this ahead of time.



          Thank you for your time and consideration.



          Patricia Branson

          Executive Director

          Senior Citizens of Kodiak, Inc.




          scokinc@ak.net




                                                         2




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0002907
