Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From:                      Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
         Sent:                      Monday, July 02, 2007 10:13 AM
         To:                        yrc@acsalaska.net
         Subject:                   RE: Budget


         Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
         information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
         unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
         being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
         need, suggestion, or comment.



         -----Original Message -----

         From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

         Sent: Sunday, July 01, 2007 5:10 PM

         To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

         Subject: Budget



         Web mail from: Mr. Kelly Wolf

         address: P.0 Box 2416 Kenai AK 99611

           907-262-1032



         MESSAGE:

         To the Honorable Governor Palin



                  While Firday afternoon leaving Resurrection Valley I received the phone call that
         you Veto the Firendship missions 70K in Kenai Alaska. Disappointed was the 1st reaction I
         had, about the news, but as founder of Youth Restoration Corps I love hard work, I know
         how to get things done. So I wanted to email you to test, if you really were in touch with
         Alaskan's or were insulated in Juneau by Tibbles and Perry.



         The Test: While I'm sure you wrestled with each veto I personally believe you stood on
         moral ground (good Job) however I'm very disappointed in your lack of response to the
         largest restoration project in Alaska history which asked for nothing from the state this
         year. 15 youth worked the hearts out on resurrection creek this year... how difficult
         could it have been to send them a note of "kodo's" or have you even seen the DVD's

                                 Shame on you!!!



         Rep Kelly Wolf Retired




                                                                 1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0002910
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         yrc@acsalaska.net




                                                                                                   PRA_GSP01_0002911
