Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From:                      Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
         Sent:                      Monday, July 02, 2007 2:12 PM
         To:                        thedavisfamily©myway.com
         Subject:                   RE: Budget


         Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
         information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
         unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
         being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
         need, suggestion, or comment.



          -----Original Message-----

         From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto: WebMail@gov . state . ak.us]

         Sent: Monday, July 02, 2007 2:07 PM

         To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

         Subject: Budget



         Web mail from: Ms. Anna Davis

         address: 13761 Venus Way Anchorage AK 99515

           907-351-9803



         MESSAGE:

         After traveling for the past 2 weeks and spending one week in Las Vegas at the Soccer
         Regionals where my son and his team were representing the State of Alaska, I am very
         discouraged concerning your decision to veto all high school sports requests except some
         of the Chugiak funding.



         First, I was told all the other teams representing Ca, Az, 13v, Id, Wa, and Or were just
        .finishing their soccer season and Ak was on just beginning the season. This is true
         because my son's team had 2 weeks prior to leaving to practice and play games, as did most
         of the other teams, due to lack of playable fields.



         Second, because there is only one outdoor and one indoor turf field in Anchorage that can
         be used for soccer/sports practice, and AK was represented by 6-8 teams in various age
         groups, and all the fields were being used by someone else.



         Third, we cannot use city fields until they dry out or the park area will be ruined,
         playing without cleats is dangerous.



         Of the teams that competed only the 2 youngest teams made it to the quarter finals. I was
         told this was a first for AK.
                                                                1




                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0002922
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         The regionals are a joke for Alaskans and the other teams know it .    Truthfully , we are the
         true underdogs , the kids that play on ice , live in igloos , ride sled dogs to school. You
         should know the usual Ak talk. Right , we are spending lots of state money on advertising
         to change that opinion , WOULDN ' T IT BE BETTER TO USE SOME OF THAT STATE MONEY TO HAVE OUR
         CHILDREN BE OUR OFFICIAL ALASKAN AMBASSADORS AND REALLY CHANGE THE WAY PEOPLE LOOK AT
         ALASKANS.



         I felt sorry for my son and his team, they managed to keep the spirit and did score
         against one of the toughtest teams in the tournament. That was their glory for now and
         forever without some kind of turf to practice on, outdoors and in the snow.



         Did you know the high school soccer players each year shovel off the turf at AFS inorder
         to play a full varsity soccer season , only the junior varsity have half of their games
         canceled because there is no fields to play on.



         I would be more than happy to answer any questions you might have concerning soccer in
         Alaska.  Unfortunately, I voted for you this term, but you will have to do something for
         my son and those children that want to shine for Alaska in sports before I vote for you
         again.



         thedavisfamily@myway.com




                                                        2




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0002923
