Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From :                    Rehfeld, Karen J (GOV) [karen.rehfeld@ alaska.gov]
         Sent:                     Tuesday, July 03, 2007 10:55 AM
         To:                       'gov.sarah@yahoo.com'; Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
         Subject:                  Re: Blog


         Governor. I think we can expand on the transmittal letter and that it is important to keep
         to the policy/priorities in the opinion piece. Focus on what the states priorities are and
         what is in the budget that supports those. Recognize that legislators have been used to
         the discretionary budgets being left alone. But hope that they will work with you to
         redefine how.to do business in the future to define what the states responsibilities are
         and how best to determine those local priorities. Maybe a couple of specifics about
         individual projects but stay out of the weeds. I will work with Mike on this. Karen



         ----- Original Message -----

         From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com <gov. sarah®yahoo.com>

         To: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

         Cc: Rehfeld, Karen J (GOV)

         Sent: Tue Jul 03 09:48:29 2007

         Subject: Re: Blog



        Kevin had nasty comments in adn again this morning. So did lyda.

        Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



         -----Original Message-----

        From: "Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>



        Date : Tue, 03 Jul 2007 09:47:07

        To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

        Subject : RE: Blog




        I will work with OMB today on the Op Ed. I have a message in with Kevin Meyer. I was
        still hoping he would submit a piece talking about all the good things in the budget for
        Anchorgae but that some items were just not as high of priority given the need to save for
        the future.



        Mike



                                                                 1




                                                                                                              PRA GSPO1_0002926
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         -----Original Message-----

         From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com (mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]

         Sent: Tuesday, July 03, 2007 9:44 AM

         To: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)

         Cc: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV); Rehfeld, Karen J (GOV)

         Subject: Re: Blog



         Good info from mayor keller, too, on their top priority after public comments and votes
         re: emergency shelter kitchen in multi- use complex - in conjunction with red cross. It WAS
         their top priorty.



         So - pls have omb craft op-ed asap. I hate to keep bugging about this, but I did ask for
         op-ed crafting before, and immediately after, budget vetoes were released. This has to get
         done asap to correct all the erroneous info that is out there. Please.

         Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



         -----Original Message-----

         From: "Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>



         Date : Tue, 03 Jul 2007 09:35:02

         To: gov . sarah@yahoo .com, kris_perry@gov .state . ak.us , karen- rehfeld@gov.state.ak.us

         Subject: Blog




         Governor,



         Joan and I looked through the backup regarding the projects listed in Mayor Begich's
         comments.  After reading his comments, the inconsistency that comes to mind is Begich's
         ability to accurately read a spreadsheet.



         He claims that Chugiak Benefit Society was funded even though it was nothing they asked
         for.  In fact, we vetoed the benefits society money.



         He claims that Chugiak volunteer      fire rescue was funded but Station it in Eagle River was
         not (and Eagle River serves more      people). Chugiak requested $75,000 to replace equipment
         including changing their 3 inch       hoses to 5 inch. This is a life safety issue. Eagle
         River requested money to improve      their fitness and dorm rooms (not life safety and not as
         high of a priority).




                                                            2



                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0002927
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         He claims we funded the Chugiak historical society but not the Port of Anchorage. Again,
         he has his facts wrong. The historical society was appropriated $5,000 for restoration of
         material (not even close to the $10 million requested by the Port in which other avenues
         of financing could have been obtained). We vetoed all the money because it was not a
         priority of the state.



         He compares Chugiak High's turf to Dimond's. They are different. Dimond was not a
         priority of the school district. We have a process by which communities can request funds
         for major projects (maintenance and construction).  That is to put the project to the
         voters and seek school debt reimbursement from the State (usually 70% State and 30%
         local).  Juneau voters just approved a project through this process. Chugiak's request
         was very similar, it was forwarded through the Municipality (why would the Mayor
         complain), received local support not only through a local vote but through a local mill
         levy to help support the project.



        Mike




                                                       3




                                                                                                  PRA GSP01 _0002928
