Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Unknown
        From:                      Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@ alaska.gov]
        Sent;                      Tuesday, July 03, 2007 10:38 AM
        To:                        janerjohns21 @hotmail.com
        Subject:                    RE: Other

        Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
        information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
        unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
        being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
        need, suggestion, or comment.



         -----Original Message-----

         From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

         Sent: Tuesday, July 03, 2007 5:09 AM

         To: Governor Sarah.Palin (GOV sponsored)

         Subject: Other



         Web mail from: Ms. Jane Holien

         address: P.O. Box 107 Hydaburg AK 99922

          907-285-3474



         MESSAGE:

         Dear Governor Palin,



         The reason I am sending you this e-mail is because I am very curious as to why you. did not
         sign the grant for new school housing in Hydaburg, Alaska. My husband has been the
         principal there for the past two years and was teaching there for 4 years prior to that.
         We have two daughters, ages 3 and 18 months.



         The housing we live in was built in the early 80s and was meant to be lived in for only 10
         years. The house next door to us was torn down and the one next to that is unlivable. We
         have had many problems with our house as well. I actually had a mushroom coming out of my
         bathroom wall this past spring. with two young children this really concerns me. Mold is
         a very dangerous thing as I am sure you are well aware of. My girls were sick with colds
         this past year way more than normal and I really think our house is the problem. We were
         really counting on the new housing so I am sure you can understand my disappointment when
         I found out you did not sign the grant.



         I do hope I get a response from you and maybe even you will reconsider this.                       I really
         worry about what living in this house is doing to my family.




                                                                 1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01 0002929
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Sincerely,

         Jane Holien



         janerjohns2l@hotmail.com




                                                       2



                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0002930
