Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From:                     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
         Sent:                     Tuesday, July 03, 2007 10:37 AM
         To:                       janda@alaska.net
         Subject :                  RE: Budget


         Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
         information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
         unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
         being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
         need, suggestion, or comment.



         -----Original Message-----

         From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

         Sent: Tuesday, July 03, 2007 5:30 AM

         To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

         Subject: Budget



        Web mail from: Mr. Noel Janda

         address: 11611 Snowline Circle Anchorage AK 99507

          907-345-4284



        MESSAGE:

        The recent budget decisions made by you demonstrate that, in spite of, record revenues, we
        do not have sufficient funds for all the programs we would like to fund. Simply put, we
        need to put the money where it provides the maximum overall benefit for state and its
        residents.



        To that end, I would like to bring to your attention a budget item that you can affect
        that can save millions of dollars, money that you could redirect to more worthy causes. I
        am referring to the state's decision to implement a Cisco telephone system and replace the
        installed Nortel system.  Although the migration has already started, and Anchorage's
        "core" system was recently displaced, the same is scheduled to occur in Juneau in this
        fiscal year.  Once this is done, there is a vague plan to extend out the migration to the
        "other" locations.  In truth, the state can migrate the existing Nortel systems at a
        fraction of the cost that it is going to spend moving to a different platform. There is
        nothing the Cisco systems can do that the Nortel systems cannot do, and the savings is in
        the millions, perhaps tens of millions.



        If you actually read this and decide to inquire on the validity of my statements, you
        should choose your advisers carefully, since Cisco is an excellent marketing company and
        has done an excellent job of making sure that it is present in any planning sessions. But
        if you look at the facts, you will find the state is squandering huge sums buying Cisco
        telephone system when it does not need to make these investments. For perhaps 1/3 the
        cost, you can migrate the Nortel system, and you can do it gradually.


                                                                1




                                                                                                          PRA GSPO1_0002931
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         You may be fed a line of bull stating that the Cisco systems are less expensive . This is
         probably because the bulk of the Cisco costs are being put into the "network" budget, not
         where it belongs if you are looking to compare apples to apples.



        The state of Alaska spent 10 years creating a Nortel network, and it will spend 10 years
        displacing it.  Although I did not agree with what the state did the first time, I see
        even less need for us to spend the amount of money it will take to move to a different
        platform.  The task at hand is staggering. That is why it took 10 years. But if you go
        into any state office except your office and recently, the Anchorage offices, you will
        find a Nortel system. In your travels, take a close look. You will find that your
        "migration" to Cisco has just begun, and it will take years, perhaps a decade, to change
        all the systems out. And the cost will be staggering.



        Do not listen to those who say the state has not invested in the Nortel system and that
        technology has passed them by. This is plain misinformation. In truth, the Nortel systems
        are extremely robust, and their cpu's can be replaced at a fraction of the cost of
        replacing the whole system, giving you VOIP where you want or need it, and leaving things
        alone where they are fine.



        I don't expect an answer except that this has been given "appropriate" attention. But when
        I see the number of capital programs that you had to turn down, and when I see the amount
        of money being squandered on needlessly changing platforms, I believe you need to know
        what is going on and how you can get some of these programs funded that would otherwise
        not get done.




        If you want to get an understanding of the extent of the Nortel systems installed or the
        effort that you are really going to have to make to totally go Cisco, you may want to
        contact John Cammeron.  He used to work for the state when the Nortel systems were
        installed and was one of the main architects of the plan. He's retired now, but I suspect
        you could hire him as a consultant. You also have a few employees left from the original
        core telecom group that survived the "outsourcing" such as Ed Williams, and you can talk
        with them.  I think you will find the state is throwing away an extremely valuable asset
        and spending a lot of money replacing something that does not need replacing and will be
        difficult or impossible to duplicate in today's environment.




        janda@alaska.net




                                                      2




                                                                                                 PRA GSP01_0002932
