Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From :                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
         Sent :                    Tuesday, July 03, 2007 10:30 AM
         To:                       jrpotts@fidalgo.net
         Subject:                   RE: Homeland-Security


         Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
         information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
         unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
         being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
         need, suggestion, or comment.



         -----Original Message-----

         From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

         Sent: Monday, July 02, 2007 3:51 PM

         To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

         Subject: Homeland-Security



         Web mail from: Mr. John Potts

         address : 2855 Brenna \'s Way Wasilla AK 99654




        MESSAGE:

        Dear Guv,



        Congratulations on your recent line item vetoes.



        I am very angry with our two US Senators on their votes on the Amnesty program. I have
        never been a one issue voter, but the importance of that particular bill called for a 100%
        vote against it.



        I want to know your stance on the bill. would you have supported it as Ted and Lisa did?
        I look at it this way, when more than 80% of Americans want something it had better be
        provided to us. Ted and Lisa failed.



        Your next step is the US Senate. I want to be damned sure I will be voting for the right
        person.



        Please , no letter that says nothing. A simple "yes" or "no" will suffice. I don't need
        anything explained to me. That's what ticked me off about Lisa's letter. It was three
                                                                1




                                                                                                           PRA GSPO1_0002933
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         pages that treated me as if I am an idiot.



         Sincerely,



         John Potts



         jrpotts@fidalgo.net

         PLEASE ADD TO E-NEWS




                                                      2
