Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From :                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.govj
         Sent:                     Tuesday, July 03, 2007 10:19 AM
        To:                        vieira. mike@gmail.com
        Subject :                  RE: Budget


        Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
        information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
        unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
        being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
        need, suggestion, or comment.



        -----Original Message-----

        From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

        Sent: Monday, July 02, 2007 4:42 PM

        To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

        Subject: Budget



        Web mail from: Mr. Michael Vieira

        address: 309 Eliason Loop Sitka AK 99835

         9077382285



        MESSAGE:

        Governor Palin,



        I am a longtime resident of Sitka, Alaska and am writing to voice my concern for your
        large number of recent cuts from the upcoming budget. These cuts along with the closure
        of Sheldon Jackson, and the outlook of once a week ferry service have me concerned for the
        future of this community. In a state that boasts one of the riches funds in the world,
        with budget surpluses occurring every year with the increased fuel prices, why are we
        pinching pennies? The infrastructure that was laid in this state during the oil boom is
        falling apart.  Our state should have the best of everything. The best schools, public
        facilities for education and recreation, well maintained roads.  We have none of this and
        are constantly pinching pennies.



        Living in Southeast Alaska is difficult enough with the weather, the darkness, and the
        isolation.  Why not invest some of the riches of this state to make our communities
        desirable places to reside?



        I am disappointed with the direction your administration appears to be headed. I know I'm
        not the only person trying to decide if Alaska is a place I want to keep my family in long
        term.  Please rethink your ideas on the budget.



                                                                1




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0002935
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Mike Vieira



         vieira . mike@gmail.com




                                                       2




                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0002936
