Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From:                     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor©alaska.gov]
         Sent :                    Tuesday, July 03, 2007 10:16 AM
         To:                       vickiherman@excite.com
         Subject:                  RE: Budget


         Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
         information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
         unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
         being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
         need, suggestion, or comment.



         -----Original Message-----

         From: WebMail®gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

         Sent: Monday, July 02, 2007 8:42 PM

         To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

         Subject: Budget



        Web mail from: Ms. Vicki Herman

         address: P.O. Box 355 Willow AK 99688

          495-1250



        MESSAGE:

        The Honorable Governor Palin:



        I am writing to express my concern over your recent budget cuts.                   In particular the cut
        for the funding for wall mats in the gym at Houston High School.



        While I understand that cuts are extremely difficult to make, I feel that safety should be
        considered.  I feel that the cut for the football field lights is justified as that is a
        nicety, the mats are a necessity.



        Governor, you.have probably never been in the gym at Houston High, but it is very small.
        You were a basketball player so you should know how often players are forced into the end
        wall, especially in a small gym. Houston High is the only school I am aware of that has
        no padding on the walls at the end of the gym.



        I have two children that play high school ball at Houston. If they were to be injured due
        to the lack of wall mats I may not have the option but to hold the state partially
        responsible due to neglect to fund a safety issue. Again, this is not a nicety, but a
        necessity.


                                                                1




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0002938
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Please reconsider the funding for these mats.



         Sincerely,



         Vicki Herman



        vickiherman@excite.com

         PLEASE ADD TO E-NEWS




                                                       2
