Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From :                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
         Sent:                     Tuesday, July 03, 2007 10:16 AM
         To:                       amberie.akmfso@yahoo.com
         Subject:                  RE: Military_and Veterans Affairs


         Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin .  The concerns , opinions , and/or
         information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor .   Although she is
         unable to respond to each and every email herself , your message has been received and is
         being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
         need , suggestion , or comment.



         -----Original Message-----

         From : WebMail@gov . state . ak.us    ( mailto : WebMailegov . state . ak.us]

         Sent : Monday, July 02, 2007 9:35 PM

        To: Governor Sarah Palin        ( GOV sponsored)

         Subject : Military_and_VeteransAffairs



        Web mail from : Ms. Amberle Wright

        address :   1701 Elcadore Dr. #2 Anchorage AK 99507




        MESSAGE:

        I just have to send a message regarding the treatment of our wounded soldiers

        due to my recent experience . For the sacrifices our troops make, when they need us, they
        should be given the best care possible . Maybe one of the best ways to say thank you.



        My husband was wounded in an RFP IED incident . The Command back here

        in Anchorage doesn ' t even have the full or correct story . I have learned through emails

        with some of my husbands " guys " on what happened . With that aside, I havn't

        received any updates from my Command in about 5 days.



        I was lucky that when my husband was wounded                ( June 24th ),   I was in DC lobbying on behalf

        of ACLU . During a meeting with Sen. Lisa Murkowski ' s office (June 25th ),                 I was put in
        contact

        with a member of her staff who works with Military Families . Any help or

        information has come from his hard work . Nathan Bergerbest got me some needed information
        and got me in touch


                                                                1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01 _0002940
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         with

         my husbands Doctor there in Germany .      ( June 30th)



        My husbands care and travel plans have changed almost on a daily basis. While

         in Germany he was diagnosed with TBI (Tramatic Brain Injury ).            I still do not

         know the extent of that diagnosis. Instead of being transferred to the

         hospital

         here at home     ( which was the original plan ),   he has stopped over at Andrews Air

         Force Base in DC , awaiting transfer to Brooks Army Center in Texas. As of a

         call from my husband last night       ( July 1st ), he doesn ' t know when he will be leaving DC.

         Seems they can't find the proper plane on an Air Force Base.



        During this time , nothing new has been done to treat him . He still has an open

        wound on his thigh and several burns on the same leg and buttocks. His

        wound has not even been cleaned since leaving Germany . Their reason is that

         they are not capable of safely " putting him under ",        to clean it . The pain of

         this cleaning is way too severe for him to be awake . He is not on any

         antibiotics , which to me would be a first and necessary procedure . There have

        not been anymore tests on his brain , because they want to wait until he

        arrives

        at Brooks.



        So in short now, He was wounded a week ago ,         is in no better condition,

        and possibly worse . He has a slight infection , fainting spells , and reoccuring

         system shock.



        I would like to see ALL of our troops given the needed care in a timely,

        expedited manner . That is what they deserve .       I can only imagine what other

        soldiers are experiencing from their medical treatment.



        If there is a "bandwagon " for this cause , I am ready to hop aboard or drive it

        myself.



        Amberle Wright
                                                             2




                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0002941
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Alaska Chapter MFSO




         amberle . akmfso@yahoo.com




                                                        3




                                                                                                   PRA_GSP01_0002942
