Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Unknown
        From :                     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
        Sent:                      Tuesday, July 03, 2007 8:21 AM
        To:                        longmere@alaska.net
        Subject :                  RE: Budget


        Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
        information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
        unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
        being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
        need, suggestion, or comment.



         -----Original Message-----

         From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.usl

         Sent: Monday, July 02, 2007 10:38 PM

        To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

         Subject: Budget



        Web mail from: John Amundsen

         address: PO Box 3952 Soldotna AK 99669

          907-262-2433



         MESSAGE:

         I applaud the Governor's efforts to cut the budget. I believed her when she said that the
         State should only support and pay for things that are the State's responsibilities. I
         agree that sports complex's shouldn't be paid for out of the State coffers. Why then did
         the Governor not cut monies that went for Valley sport's comples's? Why did the Valley
         ball fields and sports complex funds stay in the State budget? I would hope that the
         Governor can maintain her credibility by staying true to her word. Cut's are good, pork
         is not.  Leave the pork completely out of the budget and make sure that this also applies
         to the Mat Su Borough. State monies for kitchens don't follow through with this mandate.



         longmere@alaska.net




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0002946
