Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From:                     Rehfeld, Karen J (GOV) [karen.rehfeld@ alaska.gov]
         Sent:                     Tuesday, July 03, 2007 1:21 PM
        To:                        'gov.sarah@yahoo.com; Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
        Subject:                   Re: Blog


        Depends. May be a better closing but I think we keep it very positive! The high road is
        good!  KJR



         ----- Original Message -----

         From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

        To: Rehfeld, Karen J (GOV); Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

         Sent: Tue Jul 03 12:06:49 2007

         Subject: Re: Blog



        Do u thnk I should use the opener: "this is no way to write a budget, no way to cut one
        either..." Or does it sound like we did something wrong with that statement?

         Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



         -----Original Message-----

         From : "Rehfeld, Karen J (GOV)" <karen. rehfeld@alaska.gov>



        Date: Tue, 03 Jul 2007 10:55:14

        To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com, "Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>,"Perry,
        Kristina Y (GOV)" <kris.perry@alaska.gov>

        Subject : Re: Blog




        Governor. I think we can expand on the transmittal letter and that it is important to keep
        to the policy/priorities in the opinion piece. Focus on what the states priorities are and
        what is in the budget that supports those. Recognize that legislators have been used to
        the discretionary budgets being left alone. But hope that they will work with you to
        redefine how to do business in the future to define what the states responsibilities are
        and how best to determine those local priorities. Maybe a couple of specifics about
        individual projects but stay out of the weeds. I will work with Mike on this. Karen



          ----- Original Message -----

          From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

          To: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

                                                                  1




                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01_0002950
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Cc: Rehfeld, Karen J (GOV)

          Sent: Tue Jul 03 09:48:29 2007

          Subject: Re: Blog



          Kevin had nasty comments in adn again this morning. So did lyda.

          Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



          -----Original Message-----

          From: "Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>



          Date : Tue, 03 Jul 2007 09:47:07

          To:gov. sarah@yahoo.com

          Subject : RE: Blog




          I will work with OMB today on the Op Ed.  I have a message in with Kevin Meyer.   I was
         still hoping he would submit a piece talking about all the good things in the budget for
         Anchorgae but that some items were just not as high of priority given the need to save for
         the future.



          Mike



          -----Original Message-----

          From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com <mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com> J

          Sent: Tuesday, July 03, 2007 9:44 AM

          To: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)

          Cc: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV); Rehfeld, Karen J (GOV)

          Subject: Re: Blog



          Good info from mayor keller, too, on their top priority after public comments and votes
         re: emergency shelter kitchen in multi-use complex - in conjunction with red cross. It WAS
         their top priorty.



          So - pls have omb craft op-ed asap. I hate to keep bugging about this, but I did ask for
         op-ed crafting before, and immediately after, budget vetoes were released. This has to get
         done asap to correct all the erroneous info that is out there. Please.

          Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One

                                                          2




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0002951
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          -----Original Message-----

          From: "Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>



          Date : Tue, 03 Jul 2007 09:35:02

          To: gov . sarah@yahoo . com, kris_perry@gov.state . ak.us , karen-rehfeld@gov.state.ak.us

          Subject: Blog




          Governor,



          Joan and I looked through the backup regarding the projects listed in Mayor Begich's
         comments . After reading his comments , the inconsistency that comes to mind is Begich's
         ability to accurately read a spreadsheet.



          He claims that Chugiak Benefit Society was funded even though it was nothing they asked
         for.  In fact , we vetoed the benefits society money.



          He claims that Chugiak volunteer fire rescue was funded but Station 11 in Eagle River was
         not (and Eagle River serves more people ). Chugiak requested $ 75,000 to replace equipment
         including changing their 3 inch hoses to 5 inch. This is a life safety issue. Eagle
         River requested money to improve their fitness and dorm rooms            (not life safety and not as
         high of a priority).



          He claims we funded the Chugiak historical society but not the Port of Anchorage .   Again,
         he has his facts wrong .  The historical society was appropriated $ 5,000 for restoration of
         material ( not even close to the $10 million requested by the Port in which other avenues
         of financing could have been obtained ).  We vetoed all the money because it was not a
         priority of the state.



          He compares Chugiak High's turf to Dimond ' s . They are different .  Dimond was not a
         priority of the school district .  We have a process by which communities can request funds
         for major projects ( maintenance and construction ).  That is to put the project to the
         voters and seek school debt reimbursement from the State ( usually 709 State and 30%
         local ).  Juneau voters just approved a project through this process .   Chugiak's request
         was very similar , it was forwarded through the Municipality ( why would the Mayor
         complain ), received local support not only through a local vote but through a local mill
         levy to help support the project.



          Mike




                                                           3



                                                                                                      PRA GSP0I_0002952
