Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Unknown
        From :                    Tibbles, Michael A (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                  GROUP/C N=RECIPIENTS/CN=MATI BBLES]
        Sent:                     Tuesday, July 03, 2007 9:47 AM
        To:                       gov. sarah @yahoo.com
        Subject:                  RE: Blog


        I will work with OMB today on the Op Ed. I have a message in with Kevin Meyer. I was
        still hoping he would submit a piece talking about all the good things in the budget for
        Anchorgae but that some items were just not as high of priority given the need to save for
        the future.



        Mike



        -----Original Message-----

        From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]

        Sent: Tuesday, July 03, 2007 9:44 AM

        To: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)

        Cc: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV); Rehfeld, Karen J (GOV)

        Subject: Re: Blog



       Good info from mayor keller, too, on their top priority after public comments and votes
       re: emergency shelter kitchen in multi- use complex - in conjunction with red cross. It WAS
       their top priorty.



       So - pis have omb craft op-ed asap. I hate to keep bugging about this, but I did ask for
       op-ed crafting before, and immediately after, budget vetoes were released. This has to get
       done asap to correct all the erroneous info that is out there. Please.

       Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



       -----Original Message-----

       From: "Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.tibbles@ alaska.gov>



       Date: Tue, 03 Jul 2007 09:35:02

       To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com, kris_perry@gov.state .ak.us,karen-rehfeld@gov. state.ak.us

       Subject: Blog




       Governor,
                                                               1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0002961
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Joan and I looked through the backup regarding the projects listed in Mayor Begich's
        comments.  After reading his comments, the inconsistency that comes to mind is Begich's
        ability to accurately read a spreadsheet.



        He claims that Chugiak Benefit Society was funded even though it was nothing they asked
        for.  In fact, we vetoed the benefits society money.



        He claims that Chugiak Volunteer       fire rescue was funded but Station 11 in Eagle River was
        not (and Eagle River serves more       people). Chugiak requested $75,000 to replace equipment
        including changing their 3 inch        hoses to 5 inch. This is a life safety issue. Eagle
        River requested money to improve       their fitness and dorm rooms (not life safety and not as
        high of a priority).



       He claims we funded the Chugiak historical society but not the Port of Anchorage. Again,
       he has his facts wrong. The historical society was appropriated $5,000 for restoration of
       material (not even close to the $10 million requested by the Port in which other avenues
       of financing could have been obtained). We vetoed all the money because it was not a
       priority of the state.



       He compares Chugiak High's turf to Dimond's. They are different. Dimond was not a
       priority of the school district. We have a process by which communities can request funds
       for major projects (maintenance and construction).  That is to put the project to the
       voters and seek school debt reimbursement from the State (usually 70% State and 30%
       local).  Juneau voters just approved a project through this process. Chugiak's request
       was very similar, it was forwarded through the Municipality (why would the Mayor
       complain), received local support not only through a local vote but through a local mill
       levy to help support the project.



       Mike




                                                           2




                                                                                                        PRA GSP01_0002962
