Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From :                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.gov]
         Sent:                     Thursday, July 05, 2007 12:29 PM
         To:                       salchafair@alaska.net
         Subject:                  RE: Public Safety


         Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
         information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
         unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
         being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
         need, suggestion, or comment.



         -----Original Message-----

         From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMailogov.state.ak.us]

         Sent: Thursday, July 05, 2007 12:01 PM

         To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

         Subject: Public_Safety



         Web mail from: Ms. Peggy Burns

         address: P.O.Box 140086 Salcha AK 99714

           907-488-4556



         MESSAGE:

         Dear Govenor Palin,

         I just found out that you vetoed our grant request for the Salcha Fairgrounds. The reason
         stated was "not the states responsibility" Then how can you justify the grant for the
         Salcha Interior Seniors building to get a new foundation? Is it because of the Longevity
         bonus being taken away and you felt sorry for them? I don't mean to be sarcastic but it
         hurts when you donate 7 years of your life to build a nice place for our community and you
         get no help from the state or the FNSB to make improvements in your community. The fair
         has property that is leased through the FNSB to be developed for the community. We are
         all volunteers and none of us get paid to do anything that we do for the community. We
         have managed to build up the fairgrounds we have a nice ballfield, which has gotten a lot
         of use since we put the playground in. The playground is unfinished. We have no means
         for money other than fundraisers. I have 6 children and have a busy life which I don't
         have time f!

         or fundraisers as with so many others.   We supply good quality drinking water for our
         community.  We also hold the annual Easter Egg Hunt for the kids. We help the community
         in.a lot of ways. Were as the Sr's are a privately funded non profit and is soley out for
         themselves.  Not the community. It is a shame that Salcha is not a city and can command
         some financial support from the state or the Borough. We have a lot of residents and we
         pay our taxes just like everyone else. We get bad road service in the winter we have no
         bike trails it is dangerous for our kids to even ride their bikes out here because of the
         crazy people that pass through on the highway. We also have a hard time just getting state
         troopers out here when we have an emergency, we get nothing for our community. But yet
         the pipeline goes right through our community as well as the railroad and as will probably
         be the new gasline. The pole barn we wanted to replace is rotten at the base I guess the
         safes!
                                                                1




                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0002973
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          t thing to do would be to tear it down and not to have a cove!

          red pavillion for the community .    As it is right now it won't last for next years event.
          We don ' t ask for much , everything that we do goes right back in to the community. That is
          why I am asking you to reconsider your veto on our project To help make a safe and fun
          environment for our kids and the community . The Salcha Fair Association is the only entity
          in the community that funds can be brought into for the community. Thank you for your
          consideration in this matter.

          Peggy Burns    ( President)

          Salcha Fair Association



          salchafair@alaska.net




                                                        2




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0002974
