Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
         From :                     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@ alaska.gov]
         Sent:                      Thursday, July 05, 2007 10:48 AM
         To:                        UAAHockeyTeam@yahoo.com
         Subject:                   RE: Other


         Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
         information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
         unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
         being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
         need, suggestion, or comment.



          -----Original Message-----

         From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us)

         Sent: Thursday, July 05, 2007 2:50 AM

         To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

         Subject: Other



         Web mail from: Mr. JJ Bourne

         address: University of Alaska Hockey Program Anchorage AX AK

           907-



         MESSAGE:

         Please Governor - please do not ignore this as you've ignored so many of our team's e-
         mails.



         Governor Palin, you are not a Hockey Governor afterall.



         Now we know that indeed, the you do not support UAA Hockey, nor (despite what you've said)
         see the need to fund repairs for the oldest arena in the WCHA or ECHL, the Sullivan Arena.



         As we approach our coming season, we will once again see the buckets all over the
         Sullivan' s cracked floor collecting water from the ceiling as the rain and/or snow leaks
         in.



         Governor:  What happens the next time someone falls because the buckets are EVERYWHERE in
         the corrodors and even below in the locker area?



         Do you care?

                                                                1




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0002976
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          What happens the next time the antiquated center-ice scoreboard that should be REMOVED
          breaks?



          Do you remember January 29, 2003 when the a peice of the old scoreboard fell onto the ice
          breaking Pavel Hlavacek's foot during practice warm-ups?



          The antiquated OLD board that 981 of the time does not work when more than one person
          takes a penalty.   The old lights just fizzle out.



         Other WCHA or ECHL teams have newer digital 8 or 6-sided center-ice boards.    We have an
         old box.    An old box that was likely placed above the ice when PacMen was the only game
         played.   Looking at the scoreboard, they had to have been made at the same time.



          I am so UPSET Governor.




         You told us as we lifted the cup that you underststood what an incredible community we
         were.



         You said it right to the faces of those you let down.



         Cuts need to be made -- but at what expense Governor???



         Is the college and pro hockey scene in Anchorage so low on your priority list that you're
         willing to let them remain in a dump while you salvage 8 dairy farmers in the Matanuska
         Valley?



         Why Governor?



         Please respond this time.             Please --- do it for the team.



         Please respond because maybe -- just maybe you do still love hockey.



         We already counted on Governor.



         Please.       Thank you for your e-mail response.             We anxiously await to hear from youl




                                                                 2




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP0I_0002977
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          http://www.arenadigest.com/



          UAAHockeyTeam@yahoo.com




                                                        3




                                                                                                   PRA_GSP01_0002978
