Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
         From :                     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.govj
         Sent:                      Thursday, July 05, 2007 10:29 AM
         To:                        bettiew@acsalaska.net
         Subject:                   RE: Budget


         Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
         information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
         unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
         being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
         need, suggestion, or comment.



          -----Original Message-----

         From: WebMail@gov. state .ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

         Sent: Wednesday, July 04, 2007 6:53 PM

         To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

         Subject: Budget



         Web mail from: Ms. Bettie Wallace

         address: P. 0. Box 116 Sterling AK 99672

           907 262 7508



         MESSAGE :

         Even though I'm not Republican I think for the most part you have done a very good job.
         However, I think you were wrong in cutting Covenant House from the budget. Our youth need
         our support and with. so many homeless kids on the streets of Anchorage Covenant House
         should have been funded. If kids have a place to stay it will cut down on crime and
         teenage prostitution.  Please reconsider this one.



         Thanks of for listening,



         bettiew@acsalaska.net

         PLEASE ADD TO E-NEWS




                                                                 1




                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0002979
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown.
          From :                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
          Sent:                     Thursday, July 05, 2007 10:26 AM
          To:                       SmartTents@aol.com
          Subject:                  RE: Natural-Resources

          Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
          information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
          unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
          being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
          need, suggestion, or comment.



          -----Original Message-----

          From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

          Sent: Wednesday, July 04, 2007 8:39 PM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

          Subject: Natural Resources



         Web mail from: Ms. Joyce Herte

         address: 25838 White Spruce Dr. Eagle River AK 99577

           907-696-4551



         MESSAGE:

         Sarah,



         We are writing to let you know that more than an outhouse was burned in the Trapper Lake
         fire.  Our property, tracts 50 and 51 took quite a beating. We only had a couple of sheds
         there that we were using while planning our retirement home. In one shed we had a futon,
         heater, camping supplies and dried meals. The other shed consisted of our generator for
         our future needs while building, a lawn mower to assist in clearing the property, an ice
         auger, and other tools. It's not much, but it was a meager beginning at best. I tried to
         attach before and after pictures to this email, but i am unable.



         We are still excited about building our retirement property. We would like more
         information about the re-foresting program, so we may plant for our future generations.



         SmartTents@aol.com




                                                                 1




                                                                                                          PRA_GSP01 _0002980
