Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From:                     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.gov]
          Sent:                     Thursday, July 05, 2007 10:13 AM
          To:                       williamlidster@gmail.com
          Subject :                 RE: Budget


          Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
          information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
          unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
          being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
          need, suggestion, or comment.



          -----original Message-----

          From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov. state .ak.us]

          Sent : Wednesday, July 04, 2007 2:51 AM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

          Subject: Budget



         Web mail from: Mr. William Lidster

         address :    10602 Brigantine Circle Anchorage AK 99515

           907-333-7158



         MESSAGE:

         Governor Palin:



         I helped a UAA student develop a "Compass" piece that is intended to mimick the editorials
         found in the Anchorage Daily News for her English 111 class. You should read it. I am
         the "friend" she refers to - you cut $15,000 of discretionary funding earmarked for STARS
         Youth Development Program.  At least $10,000 of it would have helped low-income, high-risk
         kids gain access to our program's services, which offer them options over other
         undesirable alternatives for them to consider during their free time. It is tough to
         swallow this when over $1.3 million was allowed for the small town of Nenana for an
         ambulance ($150,000), a solid waste transfer station ($180,000) and road dust control ($1
         million).  That is a lot of money for the 382 people living in that community.



         Yet, in spite of this, the student and I fully support what you did last month. You are
         forging the beginning of what appears to be an incredible administration and term. You
         are refreshing to this state and I hope you continue to act on what is truly sensible and
         represents the desires of the majority of the people.



         Please , read Ms . Evan's submission for English 111. You should be aware of the effort
         people make to praise you is often comparable to the effort others make to criticize. Her
         piece is below.

                                                                 1




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01 0002982
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          William Lidster

          (907) 317-2804




          Budget Decisions Reflect Leadership Long Anticipated




             On Friday , June 29th , a friend of mine received some disheartening news - our new
          Governor vetoed 10 , 000 dollars in discretionary state funding to the nonprofit
          organization he heads up .   This money was important to reducing costs of services to kids
          and their parents , reducing barriers of entry and promoting the ability for high risk
          children to participate in the program ' s activities . In the most genuine voice I can
          muster , I cry out to Sarah , "Way to go girl!"



            It is time that the leadership of this state follows through with campaign promises and
         exercises common sense and prudence in the management of this state .     Our legislative body
         passed a combined operating and capital budget of $ 2.2 billion , which was about $272
         million higher than the Governor requested .    In response , she line-vetoed $ 230 million
         from the budget proposed by the legislature .    Most of the items she vetoed out of the
         budget were special projects , like my friend ' s.  She stated in her submission of the final
         budget that she removed such projects for a variety of reasons , to include the fact that
         state funding of such programs is not a state responsibility.



            Yes, people will be affected and, yes , good projects were cut . But, this is probably
         the first step towards a long overdue weaning off of government subsidiary .  It will not
         make Sarah necessarily popular , but following the decades of frivolous spending on
         questionable initiatives while essential services like public safety and education were
         always targeted for budget reductions , Sarah's bold movement here is refreshing.



            The approved budget did reach over $ 1.8 billion , which for its 655,000 residents,
         represents allocated state spending of $2750 per resident .   Compare that to Texas, where
         the approved 2008 budget allocates only $475 in spending for each of its residents, and
         you understand the sizable amount of state funding that goes to support the public.



            Undoubtedly there are other considerations that make comparing Alaska and Texas state
         budgets the same as comparing the proverbial apples and oranges .   We know that cities do
         more of their own revenue generation and public spending than the cities here in Alaska.
         In our state , over 60% of all state and local spending that is conducted happens at the
         state level , compared with 40% for the United States , overall . in other words , the state
         budget has been filled with pork and some trimming of the fat was in order.



            The process is far from complete and the state can only hope that our courageous
         Governor will continue down the road of exercising fiscal responsibility .  She promised
         such in her transmittal letter to the Senate President , citing her intent to not allow
         special education projects through in the future , given that such expense items should go
         through normal school board or assembly budget processes to ensure the even distribution
         of the large amount of funds earmarked for education.

                                                         2




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0002983
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            However, the road to achieving a smaller budget should be traveled carefully and
         indiscriminate cutting must be avoided . Government money is generated for the specific
         intent of being spent for the good of all people. Sarah will come under intense scrutiny
         if her funding decisions do not show a consistent budgeting policy or if she fails to
         represent the desires of her general constituents, the people of this great state. On
         June 29th, she demonstrated her capability to lead and make the right decisions,
         regardless of short-term reverberations that she caused across many organizations .  Taking
         this the right step further, continuing to fulfill commitments , will help Alaskans fully
         embrace her methods and find faith in her execution of her duties .  Good luck, Governor, I
         wish you the best.




         williamlidster@gmail.com




                                                       3




                                                                                                  PRA GSP01 _0002984
