Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From:                     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
          Sent:                     Thursday, July 05, 2007 9:56 AM
          To:                       claireking@starband.net
          Subject :                 RE: Budget


          Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
          information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
          unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
          being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
          need, suggestion, or comment.



          -----Original Message-----

          From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:webMailwgov.state.ak.us)

          Sent: Tuesday, July 03, 2007 3:05 PM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

          Subject: Budget



         Web mail from: Mr. Art King

         address: N.K.I. Box 431 Naukati AK 99950

           (907) 619-4266



         MESSAGE:

         Nancy,



              Governor Palin stated that the road project in Naukati was vetoed because it was not
         a State,responability. it seems to me that it is a State responsability!



              The State of Alaska D.N.R. retains ownership of all roads and rightaways in the
         Naukati subdivision. The State IS selling the land NOT the community.



              it would be benifical for the state to put the road in as the lots would sell due to
         access. Any private developer would put the road in First and certainly the cost would be
         passed on to the buyers.



         Art King Vice President Naukati West

          (907) 629-4266



         CC: Governor Sarah Palin
                                                                 1




                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01 _0002985
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Represeative Bill Thomas ,       Jessie Badger

          Senator Albert Kookesh, Nancy Barns



          claireking@ starband.net




                                                              2
