Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From :                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
         Sent:                     Thursday, July 05, 2007 9:38 AM
         To:                       raynovic@mtaonline.net
         Subject:                  RE: Budget


         Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
         information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
         unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
         being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
         need, suggestion, or comment.



         -----Original Message-----

         From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us)

         Sent: Tuesday, July 03, 2007 8:01 PM

         To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

         Subject: Budget



         Web mail from: Ms. Sandy Raynovic

         address: 1061 Gail Drive Wasilla AK 99654

          907-376-9750



         MESSAGE:

         Governor Palin,



         We have recently learned that the airport at Lake Louise is being rebuilt at a cost of
         $18,000,000.  Although the old airport desperately needs to be repaired and made useful
         once again, the extent of construction planned is totally overboaard and inappropriate for
         the area.  This rural community exists on the road system and is not dependent at any time
         of year upon air service for supplies or medical emegencies . A simple grating and new
         gravel for the old runway would work perfectly well. Even if the project is paid for by
         Federal rather than state monies, upkeep and maintenance of such a facility will fall onto
         the borough and state.



         I beg you please review this project and consider our concerns.



         Sandy and Sam Raynovic

        Wasilla, AK

        Lake Susitna, AK




                                                                1




                                                                                                          PRA GSPOI_0002987
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          raynovic®mtaonline.net

          PLEASE ADD TO E-NEWS




                                                        2




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01 _0002988
