Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From :                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.govj
         Sent;                     Friday, July 06, 2007 8:36 AM
         To:                       mikeblair206@hotmail.com
         Subject:                  RE: Other


         Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
         information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
         unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
         being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
         need, suggestion, or comment.



         -----Original Message-----

         From : WebMail@gov. state .ak.us [mailto:WebMailegov. state.ak.us]

         Sent: Thursday, July 05, 2007 6:01 PM

         To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

         Subject: Other



         Web mail from: Ms. Julie Blair

         address: po. box 670397 chugiak AK 99567

          907-688-7717



         MESSAGE:

         When I first heard of your veto's I was a little upset but thought something had to be
        vetoed. I was starting to accept a lot of them until I heard of some other things that
        have been approved. I am a strong supporter of a second ice rink at the McDonald Center
        in Eagle River. Reid McDonald, along with several from the Eagle River community worked
        hard to get the approval of the second rink just to have it ripped out from under us. The
        funds being asked for were even going to be paid back. This is a rink that supports 3 High
        Schools, 2 hockey associations, figure skating, car shows, wrestling matches, yearly
        special olympics, plus several other events. It also gives people of all ages a place to
        walk/run track. The MAC has been here for 20+ years started by a highly respected coach
        and friend, Harry McDonald. Reid is following in his fathers footsteps. Reid will bend
        over backwards to do what he can to help the kids in the community. With Eagle River being
        one of the highe!

        st growing community in Alaska, we need a second rink/rec center. The kids of Eagle River
        need a place to go for fun to stay out of trouble and gangs. I have 3 kids who spend most
        of their time at the rink. With that said, when I heard that this rink is now not going to
        happen, I was devastated along with my kids. But this was a lesson learned for me to teach
        my children. "It is not a State responsibility." But then I see that a $600,000.00
        commercial kitchen for the Wasilla Sports Complex was approved... WHAT????? If it is not a
        State responsibility for an extra rink in Eagle River, then how can it be for a kitchen.
        What are you planning on having steak and potatoes at games? Or better yet, how can it be
        priority over a roof at the Sullivan Arena that holds many events there. What is going to
        happen when that roof collapses with 6000+ people in it. What this shows me is favoritism
        for the valley. bleachers in Palmer, and this kitchen. Chugiak's stadium needs new
        turf... it wi!

        11 save money in the long run. I found this out from a studen!
                                                               1




                                                                                                          PRA GSPO1_0002994
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         t at Chugiak High School. But I guess we will have to wait for the next governor to
         approve it. Cause that is where my vote will go. Along with several from the Eagle River
         community. What did you approve for Eagle River, Anything? I hate to sound harsh for that
         is not the type of person I am. But I feel like if one rink is not a state responsibility
         than no rink is. I do hope to hear back from you.




         mikeblair206@hotmail.com




                                                       2




                                                                                                  PRA GSPOI_0002995
