Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From :                    Governor Sarah Patin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
         Sent:                     Friday, July 06, 2007 8:33 AM
         To:                       exoticona@mac.com
         Subject :                 RE: Fish-and-Game


         Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
         information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
         unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
         being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
         need, suggestion, or comment.



         -----Original Message-----

         From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMailogov.state.ak.us]

         Sent: Thursday, July 05, 2007 6:49 PM

         To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

         Subject: Fish-and-Game



         Web mail from: Ms. Karen Strickland

         address: 37637 Funny Moose Lane Soldotna AK 99669

          907-262-3701



         MESSAGE:

         Another kill for Sinnott. My advice to all the people out there who are bear lovers,

         until there is a TRUE emergency, don't call the Fish and Game. These last two bear

         kills just don't make sense. What? a kill because a bear was walking in a residential

         area? What happened with the trapping method? Couldn't trap a bear? Aren't Fish and

         Game, R. Sinnott trained in trapping bears? Especially this small one that was only a

         250 lb female. Yes,. we know the meat goes to charity, but with the senseless

         increase.of killings we wonder who gets the bear hides in this deal? Among other

         body parts. Just doesn't make sense, for one who has lived with bears for so many

         years and never a kill or incident in the High Sierras of Mineral King. This Rick Sinnott

         should be sent over to Unalaska to kill the rats infestating the land, and to help with

         his trigger happy affliction.



        exoticona@mac.com

         PLEASE ADD TO E-NEWS
                                                                1




                                                                                                           PRA_GSPOI_0002997
