Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From :                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
          Sent:                     Friday, July 06, 2007 8:28 AM
          To:                       tfenn@southcentralfoundation.com
          Subject:                  RE: Other

         Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
         information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
         unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
         being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
         need, suggestion, or comment.



          -----Original Message----

         From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMailogov.state.ak.us)

          Sent: Thursday, July 05, 2007 8:31 PM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

          Subject: Other



         Web mail from: Mr. Thomas Fenn

         address: 5716 Tonga Street Anchorage AK 99507

           907-729-5012



         MESSAGE:

         What: King Island Reunion

         When: July 21, 2007

         Where: Stork Park, Anchorage

         Why: To bring together Alaska Natives who by launguage barriers, distance, etc. have not
         been reunited for many decades.



         The Non-Profit Alaska Moving Image Preservation Association's Executive Director found out
         we are having our KI reunion, as did the press, and think this will be big. Michele Miller
         of AMIPA recommended I invite a VIP speaker. This is why we really want the top-dog..: ... no
         disrespect intended... to come to our gathering. This is important for Alaska, because of
         the old Father Hubbard silent tapes that are historic. AMIPA intend to video elders to
         learn more about the tapes before the only people alive - the elders die off with that
         valuable information.

         Please consider coming to our event for a brief but powerful appearance! Speaking will
         begin at1:00pm.



         Thank you soon much for considering our event! Sincerely, Tom


                                                                 1




                                                                                                           PRA_GSPO1_0002998
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         tfenn@southcentralfoundation.com

         PLEASE ADD TO E-NEWS




                                                       2
