Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                             Page 1 of 2



              Unknown

              From:    Hartig , Lawrence L (DEC) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                       GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=LLHARTIG]
              Sent:    Friday, July 06, 2007 11:11 AM
              To:      'dstacey@gci.net'
              Cc:      Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored); Ryan; Kristin J (DEC); Fishwick; Claire (DEC)
              Subject: DEC Onboard fishing processing requirements/Mr. Stopha's concerns

            Dear Mr. Stacey:

            Thank you for your email regarding Mr. Stopha's Compass Piece in the June 14th
            Anchorage Daily News. I appreciate you taking the time to write to me with your
            concerns. As you know, I do not support saddling any industry or individual with
            unnecessary government regulation. I will do my best to balance the state's need to
            protect human health and promote fish quality with the practical needs of fishermen
            and fish processors. I'll explain.

            DEC has the statutory obligation to ensure that seafood processed in Alaska is safe
            for consumers to eat. With the recent reporting of contamination in seafood from
            other parts of world, it is all the more important we maintain the good reputation of
            Alaska seafood. There is a significant risk that Alaska salmon that is not properly
            processed will lead to health problems. A single episode like this could not only harm
            the consumer who eats tainted fish, but also substantially affect the reputation of the
            Alaska seafood industry.

            DEC food safety and sanitation regulations allow limited processing of salmon (gilling
            and gutting) on board fishing vessels. Although this practice creates some risks,
            including less opportunity for oversight, it is allowed to accommodate fishermen who
            are too far from processing plants to transfer their fish before they begin to
            decompose.

           I informed Mr. Stopha in several letters sent to him before publication of his Compass
           Piece that DEC will be inviting. input from the public this fall on whether the onboard
           processing regulation Mr. Stopha is concerned about should be revised. We chose to
           hold public meetings in the fall because we anticipate this will allow more
           stakeholders to participate. My staff and I have also informed Mr. Stopha that we are
           ready to work with him if he wishes to apply for a small vessel processor permit
           under DEC's current regulations - which does not need to cost as much as he states
           in his Compass Piece.

           I know our fishing industry supports efforts to protect the reputation of Alaska
           seafood. I look forward to working with all stakeholders this fall and reaching a
           consensus on how we can both protect seafood quality and accommodate practical
           needs of our fishermen and processors.

           If you have any specific questions regarding our seafood processing requirements or
           plans for this fall, please call Kristin Ryan, Director of Environmental Health at 907-



           8/31/2009
                                                                                                             PRA GSPO1_0003001
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                  Page 2 of 2


             269-7644. Thank you again for your interest.

             Regards,
             Larry Hartig
             Commissioner




            8/31/2009
                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0003002
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Byers, Gail Y (LAW)
          From:                     Mason , Janice L (GOV) [/O=SOAIOU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                    GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=JLMASON]
         Sent:                      Friday, July 06, 2007 3:37 PM
         To:                        gov. sarah @yahoo.com; fek9wnr@yahoo.com
         Cc:                        Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
         Subject:                   Scheduling Update Mon . 07-09- Tues. 07.10


         Governor -



         Here is the Scheduling Update for Monday, 07.09 and Tuesday, 07.10. Thanks, Janice




         Attachments:

                  Governor's 07.09-07.10 Scheduling Update.doc (6093 Bytes)




                                                               1




                                                                                                         PRA_GSP01 _0003003
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                        Governor Palin - Scheduling Update
                                       Monday, July 9 - Tuesday, July 10, 2007

                Monday, 07.09.07

                FYI:           Attend FEMA Ribbon Cutting
                               Note: Lt. Governor is attending and has the talking points.

                2:00 p.m.      Bill Signing - HB 109 GOV Ethics Bill      Location: APOC Conf. Rm.

                3:00 p.m.      GOV meet w/Petro Star - Jim Boltz, Doug Chapado's, Commissioner
                               Irwin re: Valdez Refinery
                               Note: This meeting was set up by Speaker Harris

                6:45 p.m.      Women in Government Conference. Welcoming Remarks and Bill
                               Signing - SB 27 (Denali Kidcare); SB85 (Extend Medical Board)
                               Both Bills are Senator Bettye Davis's.

                Tuesday, 07.10.07

                8:00 a.m.      Wheels up ANC to Kotzebue
                10:00 a.m.     Arrive Kotzebue

                10:30 a.m.     GOV Speech to NW Arctic Borough Economic Summit
                               Note: This is being held in the Kotzebue High school Gymnasium. They
                               have drivers that will pick you up @ the airport.




                                                                                                         PRA GSP01_0003004
