Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From :                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) (govemor@alaska.gov]
         Sent:                     Monday, July 09, 2007 3:24 PM
         To:                       chapmech@mtaonline.net
         Subject :                 RE: Budget


         Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
         information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
         unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
         being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
         need, suggestion, or comment.



         -----Original Message-----

         From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

         Sent: Friday, July 06, 2007 10:09 PM

         To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

         Subject: Budget



         Web mail from: Mr. brett chapman

         address: 5600 w birch harbor dr mat-su AK 99654

          3577563



        MESSAGE:

        So you cut a little bit of money from the capitol butget but what about the operations
        butget. More money more money more money.I see that the Wasilla sports complex is
        important to you more than a road to get us thur this town that you didn't run very well
        other than make a strip mall , but I remember you said that you were going to be a person
        that is of high moral stanards, and moving the state forword how can we do this when a
        kitchen is more inportant than a road. Since you becaome Gov I now say that We live in the
        Mat Su Bourgh not Wasilla so people don't think I voted for you because you are doing just
        what I new you. would do listen to the polls and the paper 'remember you said that you
        would take care of wasilla fist and Wasilla is what you have do not the rest of us that
        live in the MAt-Su area. I didn't vote for you I did for Ted and Lisa but not no more You
        less goverment people that you claim to be are them, you are more goverment in our lives
        and it is time to !

        get ride of them. You should listen to Glen Begel on Saturdays he is a great guy other
        than he loves you and the tide is changing. No more life time politices and we now know
        you are one. Thank you for your time



        chapmech@mtaonline.net




                                                               1




                                                                                                          PRA_GSP01_0003009
