Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From :                    Governor Sarah Palln (GOV sponsored ) [governor@alaska.gov]
          Sent:                     Monday, July 09, 2007 3:24 PM
          To:                       Spencer; Karl L (GOV)
          Subject:                  RE: Other


          Kari,

          I wasn 't able to find what she was talking about, other than she is happy with the budget.

          Donna



          -----Original Message-----

          From: WebMail@gov. state .ak.us [mailto:webMail@gov.state.ak.us]

          Sent : Friday, July 06, 2007 10:11 PM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

          Subject: Other



         Web mail from: Mr. William Beckstine

         address :   PO Box 671373 Chugiak AK 99567

           907-688-2065



         MESSAGE:

         Madam Governor,



               If you read the two attached messages that I sent to Sen. Huggins, I hope that you
         will begin to understand my personal frustration with the "Status Quo" that has been
         present in the political arena for as long as I can remember . No matter what we (the
         "sadly, mistakenly, uninformed public") say or do, the persons that we "hire" to represent
         us at all levels of Government seem to always find a way to rationalize/justify not doing
         that which "We, the People" have asked/directed them to do. Just once, I would like to
         see an elected official stand in front of everyone and say "I've been in touch with my
         constituents and the majority have informed me that they want me to take whatever action
         necessary to assure this particular result is achieved---- since I work for them (while I
         may or may not wholly agree with this position), I am taking the following action/s to
         work toward achieving that goal".  Regardless of the circumstances ; over the years, I have
         called, talked ft

         ace to face with, written letters, written e-mails, etc. to innumerable representatives at
         various levels of government (some that I helped vote into office and others that I
         vehemently opposed), in an attempt to keep them in touch with their constituents and their
         (at least my own) positions on various subjects. I have voted in every election for at
         least the last 25 years, with one exception--in 2005 I was deployed in support of
         Operations Enduring Freedom and Iraqi Freedom, and unfortunately, did not take advantage
         of the absentee ballot provisions. I really don't feel that it would have been productive
         anyway.  Even though my "declared party affiliation" is "undeclared", I have always leaned
         to the Conservative Republican side of the house. However, I have finally gotten tired of
         "beating my head against the establishment's brick wall" to no avail. Maybe I'm just a
                                                                 1




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0003010
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         "slow study ", but the message has finally gotten through----it doesn ' t matter what I say
         or do , "they" !

         will do as " they" please .       Therefore ,     all I can say is--"I g!

         ive up, they win, I quit ".   They , my "elected / appointed government officials ", ( and yes,
         they' re still mine , even though I will no longer vote for or against them ) will not have
         to worry about ignoring me any longer nor trying to "win" my support -- I will just be a
         silent observer while I grudgingly pay the taxes and fees that I absolutely cannot avoid
         so they can continue their "reign ".    Of course , this is exactly what " they" have wanted
         all along , isn't it? Keep my mouth shut and give them as much money as they want,
         whenever they want it.    Like I said ----they win, I quit.

              Last week , you caught me by       surprise by exercising your "red pen " when you signed the
         State Budget for FY08 .  At last ,      positive action from someone that actually counts in this
         "politically correct " world that       we live in today.   All I can say is "you go , girl"!
         However , one occurrence will not       sway me nor bring me "back into the fold"---- just do the
         job, in the office that I helped        to vote you into , to the best of your ability and I'll be
         a "happy camper ".  Good Luck and       May God Bless.

             It's OK if nobody but your "staff readers" ever see this ---- at least I feel better
         getting this off my chest and in the open . Thanks for your time.



         Sincerely,



         William B . Beckstine

         P.O. Box 671373

         Chugiak , AK. 99567-1373

         907-688-2065

         ckb@ak.net




         ----- Original Message -----

         From : Bill Beckstine

         To: Sen . Charlie Huggins

         Sent : Sunday, May 20, 2007 8:38 AM

         Subject: Re :   Sen. Huggins '. End-of-Session Newsletter




        Well Charlie ,  this will probably be my last note -- I'm finally giving up -- not a single
        legislator seems willing to listen to their constituents ; not only at the local level, but
        the state and national levels as well. Even when the citizens vote to respond in a
        particular situation in a particular way, the elected officials just do what they want
        anyway .  I'm not talking about just the last few years , but going all the way back to the
        1970s as well .  Can you say " move the Capital , don't buy an airplane, keep your hands off
        a theatre , or what do you mean you ' re appointing your daughter to the Senate "?   I've been
        beating my head against a brick wall , to no avail .   Now, with the latest " scandal" (or
                                                                  2




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0003011
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         should I just say the latest situation in which someone got caught with their hand in the
         cookie jar) unfolding, its become very obvious that absolutely nothing has changed or even
         gotten better.  This specific situation that Mr Anderson, Mr kott, and others are
         currently involved, !

         is a classic example of why we need to move the capital out of Juneau to a place where
         John Q. Public has easy access to the legislature to keep an eye on things. Of course,
         that's probably just another example of wishful thinking--nothing ever really seems to
         change in politics.  At least you won't have to worry about getting anymore questions from
         me about why you're letting everybody waste our money at the state level, nor having me
         vote for anything. I sure start seeing red when I see all the money that you people with
         your fingers on the purse strings keep "granting" to PRIVATE enterprises--if it isn't
         illegal, it should be. I sure would like to find a way to put some of these people behind
         bars when they blatantly ignore the people that are trusting them to "do the right thing".
         I just can't believe that a reasonable person hasn't seen the necessity or urgency of
         developing a long range fiscal plan for the State, nor can I believe that the group of
         people we sent t!

         o Juneau can't set aside their differences to take care of bu!

         siness --that leads me to believe that either they're not as astute as they would have us
         believe, or that they've got their hand in the cookie jar also .  I've been too frustrated
         for too long. There are just too many special interest organizations with deep pockets to
         fight. So with that in mind, bye guy.



         William B. Beckstine

         P.O. Box 671373

         Chugiak, AK. 99567-1373

         907-688-2065

         ckb@ak.net




         Hi Charlie,

             Well, I got. your newsletter the other day . I'm getting very concerned with the
        apparent ease that special interest groups can get money from the State Legislature. One
        of the worst offenders, to my way of thinking, are the various school districts. Don't
        get me wrong--I feel that our children deserve the best education we can give them, I just
        think that we're wasting a whole lot of money doing it. Why are the school districts
        applying to the State for grants for normal operations and maintenance budget items? Do
        they have a mind set that they can spend their budget for anything they want and then hold
        out their.hand and the State will fill it? Sure sounds like it to me! The list that you
        touted in your newsletter totals more than $4 Million in expenditures for NORMAL
        operations and maintenance of facilities.   Well, I also have to admit that the Su Valley
        High School roof project accounts for the vast majority, $3.8 Million, of these funds.
        However, I'm not con!

        vinced that there was a "real" unavoidable emergency situation there either--sounds like
        it was a case of simple neglect on the part of the school district that let the roof get
        in such bad shape in the first place. I'm getting real tired of seeing the State giving
        away my money, paying for everyone's lack of budgetary constraint and failing to
        prioritize their expenditures.   If the people in charge of the districts can't properly
        manage their budgets, I think that its about time we found someone who can!

               Then you gave away $200,000 of my money to the Matanuska Valley Sportsmen, Inc. so
          they could improve the ventilation in their building. Are you serious?? You gave away my
         money to a bunch of guys so they can sit around shooting guns in doors in the winter?
         Does that mean that I can go there and shoot my guns without paying any additional money?
        I
            µ                                          3




                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0003012
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Probably not? As far as I'm concerned , if they can't take care of business and pay for
         their own pleasure, that's THEIR problem--NOT mine!

              You also gave the Eagle River Lions Club $200,000 for access and site improvements.
         Can't argue too much there--they're good people doing good things for the right reasons.

              You gave away $1 Million to fund the expansion of the Harry J. MacDonald Center. if
         the Municipality of Anchorage, or the people that utilize the facility, can't provide the
         funds; then they don't need the expansion.

              You gave the Mat-Su Borough $583,000 from the Public Employees Retirement System.
         Why would you give money away that was designed for public employee retirement? Isn't the
         fund already short millions of dollars? Where are you going to get the money to replace
         it?  This kind of "creative bookkeeping" winds up costing us double. Kind of makes me
         think of a man named Kenneth Lye and a company named Enron.

              You gave $5.697 Million to the Mat-Su Borough from the Energy Assistance Program.
         For what?

              You stated that you hoped these last two gifts would make a difference in their
         property taxes.  We need to stop these kinds of "gifts" and stop "enabling" our people, so
         we can get away from the "entitlement" mentality that is so prevalent in our state.

              Do you think that behavior by our "lawmakers", such as I stated previously, has
         anything with our current problem of "voter apathy" as evidenced by the dismal turnout at
         the polls in the past decade?

              The problem with this "little" bit of money is that it is only a"drop in the
         bucket" when you think of all the other gifts in all the other political districts in the
         state.  And people wonder why I'm getting frustrated with "my" elected representatives?

               I guess I've taken enough of your time. Have a good day.



         William B. Beckstine

         P.O. Box 671373

         Chugiak, AK. 99567-1373

         907-688-2065

         ckb@ak.net

         ----- Original Message -----

         From: Sen. Charlie Huggins

        Sent: Tuesday, May 09, 2006 8:23 PM

        Subject: Sen. Huggins' Session-end 2006 newsletter




        ckb@ak.net




                                                       4




                                                                                                  PRA_GSP01_0003013
