Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From :                    Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored) [govpalin@alaska.gov]
          Sent:                     Monday, July 09, 2007 3:12 PM
          To:                       Frye; Ivy J (GOV)
          Subject:                  Re: Kenai


          " Sensing from my email" ??? All I did was ask if you went.



          ----- Original Message -----

          From: Frye, Ivy J (GOV)

         To: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

         Cc: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)

         Sent: Mon Jul 09 15:00:33 2007

         Subject:    RE: Kenai



         Governor Palin,



         Yes, but it wasn't the purpose of my trip. I took personal leave on Thursday and Friday to
         go home.




         Rep Olson invited me to Kenai to tour the community on Thursday. I knew the Classic was
         going on so I made sure I took personal leave even as I was networking with the Community.
         Nizich made sure I put personal leave in also. I'm sorry I assumed and didn't verify with
         you or Mike Tibbles.




         Rep Olson and I visited with Chuck Kopp at the Police Department, toured the Job Center,
         saw the North road and Agrium, and the gas to liquid facilities.



         Kurt asked if I would volunteer with the Kenai Chamber of Commerce (all community
         volunteers) to serve breakfast to Kenai Classic participants. I said I would. Thursday
         evening I was asked by several people if I were going to fish, and I said "no." Friday
         morning, after serving breakfast from 4-6 am there ended up being room on the boats for
         the volunteers. I did get on a boat until noon. My name was written in as the last chamber
         volunteer on the last boat. The majority of my time in Kenai was spent reaching out to the
         Kenai community, not hanging out with the Classic crowd. Kurt will verify. I thought it
         would be a great networking opportunity.



         The majority of my trip was spent in Palmer with my family. Nobody expressed to me
         concern with traveling to Kenai. Had I known there was concern you know I would have
         rescheduled for a different weekend. I used personal air miles, used my own vehicle and
         stayed with my family 3 nights, Kurt for 1 night.




                                                                 1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0003014
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Governor, you know I would never do anything, intentionally or inadvertently, to
         disappoint or upset you. I know you know I work hard for you 7 days a week and that I
         take my job very seriously. if you are upset, which I'm sensing from your email, I
         sincerely apologize from the bottom of my heart.



         -----Original Message-----

         From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

         Sent : Monday, July 09, 2007 1:22 PM

         To: Frye, Ivy J (GOV)

         Cc: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)

         Subject: Kenai



         Ivy: did you go to kenai classic?




                                                        2




                                                                                                   PRA_GSP01_0003015
