Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From :                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
         Sent:                     Tuesday, July 10, 2007 8:58 AM
         To:                       mak9l@msn.com
         Subject :                 RE: Homeland-Security


         Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
         information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
         unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
         being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
         need, suggestion, or comment.



         -----Original Message-----

         From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us)

         Sent: Sunday, July 08, 2007 8:47 PM

         To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

         Subject: Homeland Security



         Web mail from: Mr. Joseph Rodrigues

         address: 308 Price Street Anchorage AK 99508

          9072584654



        MESSAGE:

        Alaska is one of the last remaining free states in the union, but WE. THE PEOPLE must
        remain vigilant of people in public and private sectors that would cause what remaining
        freedoms we have to erode them.



        Governor, I would like to share an article from a true American Patriot.. Thank You.




        http://judicial-inc.biz/7-8.militia-solution.htm




             The Militia Solution: Is This the Answer to Our Problems?




             By John 'Birdman, Bryant
                                                               1




                                                                                                         PRA GSP01_0003034
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Personal liberty is the finest and most valuable accomplishment of civilization, and
         it is the white race which has been far and away most responsible for the flowering of
         civilization and the consequent development of the greatest degree of human liberty which
         the world has ever experienced.




            I have long said that what distinguishes civilization from barbarism is that civilized
        people settle their differences without resort to physical force ; but I say equally that
        civilization ultimately rests on force , because there must be force to oppose those who
        would return men to barbarism and extinguish the liberty which civilization has enabled.




              Threats To Our Liberty




            Within only the last few years many grievous threats to liberty and to the
        civilization that has nurtured it have arisen , and not merely arisen , but have arisen from
        the government itself , and from the nebulous power behind it -- often referred to as the
        New World Order -- which seems hell -bent on destroying America , Western civilization, and
        the white race in order to reduce the world to absolute despotism under the thumb of the
        New World Orderlies . This has led an increasing number of people to feel that our liberty
        can only be regained if we are willing to oppose the government by force, and I believe
        that we are now very close to that point . More specifically , it seems as if each day
        brings word of new abuses to our liberties by the ruling elite, and that unless we begin
        to seriously think about opposing these acts with violence or threats of violence ,' it will
        not be long until we have not only no liberty, but also a constantly diminishing chance of
        regaining that li!

        berty as our fetters grow more secure with every passing day.




              So what , then , am I advocating we do? To answer , let me begin      by saying that what I am
        NOT   advocating is that we get our guns and march on Washington --         not yet , at any rate.
        But   for all that , I do believe that I have hit on a solution that        will be useful in both
        the   short and long term . The inspiration for my proposed solution        comes from many persons
        and   places , but among the most important are the following:
                                                         2



                                                                                                    PRA GSP01 _0003035
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            * Thomas Jefferson , who remarked that " the Tree of Liberty must be refreshed from time
        to time by the blood of patriots and tyrants . This is its natural manure."




            * Lord Acton, who observed that power corrupts , and absolute power corrupts
        absolutely.




             * J Edgar Hoover ,     who observed that freedom must be rewon for each generation.




             * Louis Beam , who developed the concept of 'leaderless resistance'.




             * JB Campbell, who developed the militia movement ( or so he says)




            * The religion of Islam , which makes believers into fearless warriors by its promise
        of paradise and 70 virgins if they are killed in battle.




             * Guerrilla warfare -- the poor man's warfare , but now often called 'terrorism' --
                                                            3




                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0003036
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         which fights big wars with small battles , and, even if unable to cement victory ,             at least
         keeps opponents from enjoying their 'peace'.




             * Hal Turner , whose recent call for violence against government traitors stopped the
         amnesty bill in its tracks.




             * Alan Dershowitz, whose popularization of 'chutzpah' in his book by that name
         strongly suggests that this common Jewish behavior is an important secret of Jewish
         success.




              Hal Turner




             Now before I put forth the solution that I believe offers us the most promising way
         out of the threat which is posed by our traitorous politicians and the NWO, let me make a
         few preliminary remarks . First , let me say that my main inspiration comes from Hal
         Turner's recent victory in scaring the traitors in the US Senate shitless , but Hal's
         efforts cannot be relied on as any kind of permanent process . Americans can't afford to
         just sit by their computers and wait for the next slimy piece of legislation to come up,
         because such legislation comes up all the time , and the kind of act that stopped amnesty
         is going to get old very quickly unless some government officials get shot, and frankly, I
         have my doubts as to how soon that is going to happen.




              Hal Plants A Seed On Amnesty Opposition




            To make things clearer , let me analyze what Hal was doing , and why the Senators were
        scared . What Hal was doing was to stir people up in hopes that, if amnesty passed, there
        would be some ' crazy' who would be inspired to come out of the woodwork and take a potshot
                                                        4




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01 _0003037
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        or two at a Senator . That reasoning is perfectly sensible provided that a sufficient
        number of people have been stirred up, because people's reactions to something like this
        form a 'bell curve' or ' normal distribution ' -- as do many things in the natural world --
        and every bell curve contains an extreme or 'tail' to its distribution which represents
        the extremists . Thus all that is needed to sic a 'crazy ' on the traitorous Senators is a
        'tail' that is sufficiently well-populated to insure that at least one of its members will
        say, as Howard Beale did in 'Network ', " I'm mad as hell and I'm not going to take it any
        more ." Needless to say , neither Hal nor the Senators knew whether Hal's rhetoric could
        dredge up a !

        crazy, but the Senators didn't want to take a chance , so they folded . By the next time,
        however , the Senators will probably have voted themselves bodyguards and all kinds of
        other protection, so even if Hal (or somebody) could stir up the crazies every time, it
        might not be of much help.




             Power Elites Versus The Patriots




            Now there is another important thing to explain before I present my solution. In
        particular, some may think of the present war -- the war to reclaim our nation, our
        Constitution and our freedom -- as one between the government and the people ', but this
        is inaccurate , because most people don't really give a damn as long as they have their
        beer and potato chips and TV. Instead, this war is a war between elites -- on the one
        hand, the power elite (as C Wright Mills called it) in Washington and its New World
        Orderly controllers, and on the other, the patriotic elite, ie, that small number of
        people who value freedom because they have dreams and ambitions -- people who march to a
        different drummer and want to do more with their lives than sit in front of an idiot box.
        This is why we Paul Reveres have such trouble in raising alarums among our countrymen:
        Beer, potato chips and TV attract people a lot more easily than such abstractions as
        ' freedom' and our children' s future'.




            But there is something else that separates the patriotic elite from the people' --
        something which may make a critical difference in whether we can ever win this war -- and
        that something is what may roughly be called religion , or spirituality. More particularly,
        those who do not see their lives as part of something larger that is an integral part of
        both past and future are not much inclined to value anything beyond creature comforts. For
        them, freedom from want and responsibility is of far more value that freedom of speech,
        economic freedom , freedom from government intrusion , or any of the other freedoms that our
        forefathers valued so highly. For those of us who consider . ourselves spiritual, however,
        the thought of disgracing ourselves in front of what William Ernest Henley called
        'whatever gods may be ' -- to shame ourselves in the eyes of the spirits of past and future
        generations -- is not a consummation devoutely to be wished . Freedom, then , bears an
        intimate relat!

        ion to religion, and it may well be that the reason we have lost so much of our freedom is
        that we have lost our religion, or at least have lost the Old Time Religion because of its
        inadequacies , but have not yet discovered the scientifically real religion that lurks in
        the shadows of human consciousness , and of which I have written at length ( see postings in
        the Science & Religion section of my webpage).


                                                        5




                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0003038
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             But the problem in the loss of religion is a larger problem than we may at first
         appreciate; Not only have we lost our future vision by losing our religion, but the
         politicians and others who hold power over us have lost it also, and thus have lost the
         shame that would have made them resign from office had they been caught engaging in the
         abuses which are now so commonplace for those of their ilk. A century ago a politician's
         oath of office and the pledge to uphold the Constitution was a bond with God, but now it
         is just a joke. And in the words of Robert Frost, that has made all the difference.




               The Solution




             So what, then, is the solution I propose to the tyranny that is raining down on us
         from Washington and the New World Order? Briefly, it is to reconstitute the militias, but
         with each member taking an oath to uphold and defend the Constitution against all enemies,
         and especially traitors,. peacefully if possible, but with violence if necessary. This is
         what I shall -- for lack of better terminology -- call the Militia Solution. The basic
         idea is that patriots -- people who are willing to put their lives on the line for
         America, and who are not willing to tolerate the encroachment of the NWO -- should
         organize local groups openly and train themselves in warfare and guerrilla warfare skills.
         By doing this    perfectly legal in most (but not all!) states -- and thru personal
         interactions, the members will be able to get to know their fellow members, and will get a
         sense of who can and cannot be trusted. Then, if some event comes down the pike that some
         of the members feel req!

         uires a violent reaction, at that point any subgroup whose members feel they can trust one
         another can take it upon themselves to do what they feel is required.




            The militia itself need be thought of as nothing more than a training ground for
        potential lone wolves or small groups who follow Louis Beam's 'leaderless resistance'
        model, and the fact that some members may decide to use their skills to uphold the
        Constitution would not concern the militia. In particular, what the militia does NOT have
        is a central command which would involve the entire militia -- rather the decision to act
        would be up to the individual 'lone wolves' or small groups who felt it was important, and
        it would -- at least theoretically -- be secret except to those who were involved.




             Government Agents


                                                       6




                                                                                                  PRA_GSPO1_0003039
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Now the most likely objection to the above scheme is that it would be open to
         infiltration by government agents. While there is no way to avoid this risk entirely,
         there are ways that group members can be tested, from stealing or destroying government
         property to beatings and assassinations of enemies . Keep in mind that an organization
         cannot be 'nice' when its purpose is to provide violent solutions to problems when
         nonviolent solutions won't work.




             Besides the inability to completely insulate the militias from government agents and
         other traitors, there is also the problem that militias will simply segue into gangs.
         While this is a danger , I do not think it is a serious one in view of the type of man who
         will be attracted to the militia.




            Clearly, I do not have all the answers to the problems that the militias could face.
        But one thing I do know is that unless we start to take a pro-active aggressive stance to
        protect ourselves, we are going to go down big-time. We cannot wait for the opposition to
        propose this or that abusive law, or perpetrate this or that outrageous crime. We must
        prepare ourselves so that these laws and crimes stop happening, and we take back control
        of our destiny. Right now we have the freedom to create a militia movement and to get our
        message out as to why it is necessary. Beyond this, in order to successfully complete
        these tasks, I believe we must develop the state of mind which has helped to preserve the
        Jews for thousands of years -- chutzpah -- the same quality that Alan Dershowitz praised
        so highly in his book by that name. Danton, the French revolutionist, had a phrase for it,
        which General George Patton frequently quoted: Audacity, more audacity, and always
        audacity! And s!

        urely Patton knew what he was talking about, since he was probably the most successful
        general of WW2. In short, we must be active, not REactive. We KNOW what is going to happen
        to us if we do not act -- NWO slavery. But we know from the actions of just one man -- Hal
        Turner -- that we can kick butt and make it hurt. So if some of us will train ourselves as
        fighters with a clear commitment to the Constitution and American ideals, we can stand up
        to the NWO and bring back the old America.




            Now lest there be any doubt, I do not see the militia as temporary, but rather as a
        potentially permanent institution to counterbalance government -- a sort of shadow
        government, if you will, but one which, like a family, passes its skills and ideals on
        from generation to generation. The reader has no doubt heard the Cubans speak of
        'preserving the [Castro] revolution'; and while we may not care for the revolution they
        are trying to preserve, we should appreciate their insight that revolutions need a
        conscious effort at preservation if they are to last.




                                                       7




                                                                                                 PRA GSP01_0003040
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Now in proposing the Militia Solution, I have not said anything that is particularly
        revolutionary, or that others have not said before. But my solution IS different by its
        act of putting together several diverse elements. As JBR Yant has remarked, going from the
        almost-right to the exactly-right is a long, tortuous, tedious process, and the Militia
        Solution may be looked on as a small yet potentially important move along the road to
        freedom. Whether it is actually useful depends on whether there are motivated people who
        will take up the burden of forming militias and seeing that they perform their intended
        functions. This may well be a difficult task, but it certainly beats shooting up a
        government office or assassinating some high government muckamuck and getting killed or
        jailed in the process, as some of my more agitated correspondents seem to want to do.
        There is not going to be anything easy about taking back our freedom, so if the reader
        wants to be part of the so!

        lution rather than part of the problem, I suggest he either get involved in the Militia
        Solution, or else propose something better.




            Postscript: As I have several times said, I do not believe that generals should be in
        the trenches -- they are far too useful to serve only as footsoldiers. For this reason, I
        will not be participating in a militia, should anyone expect me to carry that burden in
        addition to all the other ones I am currently shouldering. As a general of sorts, I have
        earned my spurs by making thebirdman.org a going concern for the last 7 years and keeping
        free speech alive when so many of my correspondents (along with most other whites) are
        deeply frightened of exercising it themselves -- indeed,.as you all very well know, if
        'THEY' start sending people to the gulag, I will be one of the first to go. So I urge all
        you bench-warmers and other would-be revolutionaries to get off your butts and start doing
        something useful, such as helping to implement the militia Solution. No one is going to do
        it for you, so you had better learn how to do it yourself.




            PPS: We are currently involved in planning some important outreach activities. The
        letter at the url below (marked 'Site Ad') is one of several we are contemplating using in
        some kind of mass email program. Emailing is expensive, and also poses some important
        legal problems, but we can reach a much wider audience with email. We will need some
        substantial contributions in order to carry out our program.




            And that brings up the small but important matter that it is now time for you, dear
        reader, to show your gratitude for all the work I have done to make thebirdman.org a
        valuable information resource and pioneering vehicle in the white Liberation Movement.
        Accordingly, if you find this site valuable -- as you undoubtedly do if you are reading
        this message -- then I expect that you would be happy, as an ethical member of our race,
        to fulfill your obligation for the benefits you have received by contributing to the
        support of the 6-day-per-week grind that I must put myself thru in order to keep you
        informed. Thank you in advance for your generosity, and please send all contributions to
        the following address:




                                                       8




                                                                                                 PRA_GSP01_0003041
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             John Bryant




             PO Box 66683



             St Pete Beach FL 33736-6683




             Thank you! And Happy 4th of July!




        mak9l@msn.com

        PLEASE ADD TO E-NEWS




                                                         9




                                                                                                    PRA_GSP01_0003042
