Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From :                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
          Sent:                     Tuesday, July 10, 2007 10:25 AM
          To:                       susitnascott@alaska.net
          Subject :                 RE: Fish_and_Game


          Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
          information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
          unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
          being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
          need, suggestion, or comment.




          -----Original Message-----

          From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMailogov.state.ak.usj

          Sent: Monday, July 09, 2007 4:27 PM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

          Subject: Fish-and-Game



         Web mail from: Mr. SCOTT DOBBINS

         address: 7247 ALATNA AVE ANCHORAGE AK 99516

           907-345-8309



         MESSAGE:

         I am writing in disappointment about the Tier 2 Cairbou Hunt. It is because our family
         works for a living, that we are automatically disqualified from being elgible for a
         permit.  I have lived and hunted in Alaska since 1980. We own property in unit 13 and
         spend many of our weekend and vacation times there. I feel like I am being punished for
         working.  Our family really enjoys Caibou meat and will miss not even having the
         oppurtunity to hunt.

         My other complaint about this is the other applicants that will lie about their income. I
         already know someone that has told me he only put down his own income, not the families!
         This whole application process seems to be "Who can be the BIGGEST LIER"

         Also, can you please supply me with some state run programs for the unemployed? I will
         have to quit my job in order to qualify for this hunt.

         Who owns the caribou in Unit 13? Obviously not for the working man.



         Scott A. Dobbins



         susitnascott@alaska.net
                                                                1




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0003057
