Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From :                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.gov]
         Sent:                     Tuesday, July 10, 2007 10:17 AM
         To:                       trishdihle@yahoo.com
         Subject :                 RE: Budget


         Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
         information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
         unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
         being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
         need, suggestion, or comment.




         -----Original Message-----

         From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov. state .ak.us]

         Sent: Monday, July 09, 2007 9:29 PM

         To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

         Subject: Budget



         Web mail from: Ms. Patricia Dihle

         address :   2775 Gold Hill Road Fairbanks AK 99709




         MESSAGE:

         Dear Governor Palin,



         I respect the difficult decisions you must make when deciding what budget cuts to make for
         the State of Alaska. However, I am very disappointed in your decision to cut the funding
         for new water tanks at Weller Elementary in Fairbanks.

         I was an intern at Weller for the 2006-2007 school year and was able to spend lots of time
         at that wonderful school. I observed children who would not drink the water because it
         tasted funny or because it looked funny. The water tanks are very old and truly need to
         be replaced.   Schools should be able to provide safe, clean, and drinkable water to their
         students.   I must admit that I would not drink the water nor would I allow my children to
         drink the water. Before you fully decide to cut the funding for those water tanks I ask
         you to have your children drink the water at the school. If you and your children would
         drink the water on a regular basis then I would concur that the school does not need new
         water tanks.

         Thank you for your time and consideration of my comments.

         Respectfully,

         Patricia (Trish) Dihle
                                                                   1




                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0003058
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         trishdihle@yahoo.com




                                                       2




                                                                                                  PRA GSP01 _0003059
