Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Unknown
        From :                     gov.sarah@yahoo.com
        Sent:                      Wednesday, July 11, 2007 8:34 AM
        To:                        Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Mason; Janice L (GOV)
        Cc:                        Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
        Subject :                  Re: Ethics


        J- if you find other things in the juneau office that could be sent to the Anchorage or
        wasilla office, pls do so. For instance, I haven't signed or collevted TAs for many weeks
        and those can be sent up so we don't get so far behind there. Other correspondence, too,
        should be sent up so we don't lose anything between cracks. Could the passport have been
        misplaced in the pile of "stuff" that may be in juneau too? Would you also ask Erika to
        make sure she sends things that are received for me and Todd at the Gov's House. Thanks!

        ------Original Message------

        From: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

        To: Governor Sarah Palin

        To: Mason, Janice L (GOV)

        Sent: Jul 11, 2007 8:22 AM

        Subject: RE: Ethics



        I spoke to Talis and he can't recall anything specific that prompted the

        memo aside from a reporting period. However, he asked that I fax it

        back to him so he could take a look. Unfortunately, it was faxed to

        Juneau mid June and just recd in the Anchorage office. I'll have more

        information later today.



        -----Original Message-----

        From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]

        Sent: Wednesday, July 11, 2007 7:57 AM

        To: Mason, Janice L (GOV)

        Cc: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

        Subject: Ethics



        J: pis note for Ethics disclosure: small baleen basket given by NW

        Borough (yesterday in Katzebue). Value $300.



        Also- Talis has an ethics disci form for me - Kris did u find out what

        I'm supposed to do with it? Maybe check with apoc?
                                                                 1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01 _0003068
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Sent from my BlackBerry(r) device from Cellular One




         Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular one




                                                       2
