Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From:                     gov.sarah@yahoo.com
         Sent:                     Wednesday, July 11, 2007 2:44 PM
         To:                       Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); PARNELL; S (GOV sponsored)
         Subject:                  Re: Cook Inlet export license extension


         Tom and I just met with Jim Bowles on the issue. I previously met with Mayor Williams on
         it. Tibbles has given appropriate direction to Marty on this. Thanks

         Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



         -----Original Message-----

         From: "Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)" < mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>



         Date: Wed, 11 Jul 2007 12:39:15

         To:"PARNELL, S (GOV sponsored)" <sr.parnell@alaska.gov>, gov.sarah@yahoo.com

         Subject: RE: Cook Inlet export license extension




         Thanks.    Marty is definitely up to speed at this point. I had a briefing this week on the
         issue with Marty and her team.          Privileged or Personal Material Redacted
         Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




         Mike




                                                                 2



                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0003074
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          From : PARNELL ,    S (GOV sponsored)

           Sent : Wednesday ,    July 11,      2007 11:51 AM

           To: gov . sarah®yahoo.com

           Cc: Tibbles,      Michael A (GOV)

           Subject : Cook Inlet export license extension



         I wanted to pass concerns I'm hearing over the comments submitted by the Administration
         with respect to LNG export license extension. The comments come from one interested party
         (Marathon) and the other from a disinterested, retired observer (with Cook Inlet gas
         experience). The comments added up to the following:




         * You may have thought your letters were directed by Marty Rutherford, but it appears to
         these outsiders that an internal struggle (DNR v Dept. of Law) ensued before you got the
         drafts and Steve DeVries of the Dept. of Law is actually directing things thus far-or at
         least his opinion has carried the day, likely because Marty was otherwise engaged with
         AGIA.

         * Marathon doesn 't believe your letters/ comments reflect the messaging you've given them.

         * I heard similar rumblings on the Kenai              last week out of mayor Williams' people.




         Although I haven't talked with her, I'm told Marty was going to "come up to speed" on this
         issue over the weekend and promised to get back with Marathon "early this week." I don't
         know that there is anything for you to do at this point except understand that this will
         likely bubble up as a significant issue shortly and be really familiar with the
         ramifications of the criteria set in the comments.




                                                                 2




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0003075
