Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From:                     Frye, Ivy J (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                   GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=IJFRYE]
         Sent:                     Wednesday, July 11, 2007 9:36 PM
         To:                       'gov.sarah@yahoo.com'
         Subject:                  Fw: Peninsula


         I thought you would appreciate this email from sharon illsley. She's very appreciative of
         her new role as a kni superior court judge. Wouldn't it be fun to surprise one of your
         judges some day at their installation ceremony? ...in all of your spare time ...ha



         ----- Original Message -----

         From: Illsley <sillsley@alaska.net>

         To: Frye, Ivy J (GOV)

         Sent : Wed Jul 11 20:20:51 2007

         Subject: Re: Peninsula



         Hi Ivy,



         I'm glad that the sun was shining during the time you were in Kenai. While Juneau is
         beautiful, it does seem to rain a lot there.



         The longer I've known Chuck Kopp, the more I've appreciated what a wonderful person he is.
         He was a great choice for the judicial council. A couple of months ago when I stopped in
         to see him he mentioned that the work he was doing as a member of council might be the
         most important work he ever did in terms of helping the present and future generations of
         Alaskans.  What a perfect perspective. for a.council member to have.



         I am planning to set my installation ceremony sometime in the afternoon on September 20th.
         Fall is beautiful on the Peninsula and September (of 1990) was the first month I spent in
         Kenai.  Larry Weeks, the judge who is now retiring in Juneau, worked for the Department of
         Law and interviewed me back in June of 1990 when I was hired to work at the Kenai District
         Attorney's Office.  It is hard to believe that he is retiring already.



         I appreciate the opportunity for input and hope to meet you sometime when you are on the
         Peninsula .-- Sharon




                                                              1




                                                                                                         PRA_GSP01_0003077
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 ----- Original Message -----

                From : Frye, Ivy J (GOV) <mailto:ivy.frye@alaska.gov>

                To: Illsley <mailto:sillsley@alaska.net>

                Sent : Wednesday ,    July 11, 2007 4:14 PM

                Subject : RE: Kenai Superior Court




                Judge Illsley,




               Thank you for the email. I appreciate your comments and couldn't agree more with
         your assessment.  I will make sure we ' re mindful of the balance that is needed on the
         Peninsula . I was in Kenai last weekend and had a great time ( the first time I've seen sun
         in weeks).  I toured the community with Representative Kurt Olson and had the opportunity
         to meet Chief Chuck Kopp. The Judicial Council will be in Juneau tomorrow interviewing
         candidates for Juneau Superior Court and I'll have the opportunity to meet with them.
         Anyway I do appreciate you taking the time to email. Please feel free to send
         recommendations any time . Congratulations again.




                One more thing, when is your installation ceremony?




                Best regards,




                Ivy




                                                              2




                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0003078
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                        From: Illsley [mailto:sillsley@alaska.net)

                Sent: Sunday, July 08, 2007 9:11 PM

                To: Frye, Ivy J (GOV)

                Subject: Kenai Superior Court




                Ms. Frye,




              Hope that you had an enjoyable 4th of July. I got out of court early enough to
        watch the parade in Kenai. It is great to be back on the Peninsula and I love my new
        position.




              I have talked to a lot of people about the Kenai Superior Court finalists. Pete
        Mysing in the only one who is well known locally. While there is some concern about his
        background, everyone I have spoken to thinks highly of his work. He is very professional
        and always appears in court on time and prepared. His arguments are well reasoned and
        persuasive.  The general consensus is that he would be a good judge.




              Very little is known here about the others whose names were sent up.   Robert Owens
        did visit the Kenai Clerk's Office to introduce himself and made a favorable impression.
        Everything that I've heard about Chris Provost and Carl Bauman appears to come from the
        Judicial Council website. Since Owens, Provost and Bauman are not known to have lived or
        practiced here, there seems to concern be about whether or not they would fit in with the
        local practitioners and populace.




              As I'm certain that you are aware, the two current Kenai Superior Court judges come
        from primarily civil law backgrounds.    Because much of the Superior Court docket consists
        of criminal cases , it would be great to have someone with criminal law experience in the
        third Superior Court position.




                                                         3




                                                                                                    PRA GSP0I_0003079
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                Thanks for your consideration.--Sharon Illsley




                                                       4
