Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From :                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
         Sent:                     Thursday, July 12, 2007 7:49 AM
         To:                       Irwin; Tom E (DNR); Rutherford; Marty K (DNR); Galvin; Patrick S (DOR)
         Subject:                  Fw: Enstar & Marathon




         Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular one



         -----Original Message-----

         From: "Colberg, Talis J (LAW)" <talis.colberg @alaska.gov>



         Date: Thu, 12 Jul 2007 07:46:31

         To:"Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>, gov.sarah@yahoo.com

         Subject: FW: Enstar & Marathon




         Dear Governor Palin and Mr. Tibbles, In partial response to yesterday's email about DNR
         and DOL and the LNG please note that I have attached an email just received that would
         indicate we are close to something successful. Talis




         From: Tillery, Craig J (LAW)

          Sent : Wednesday ,   July 11,    2007 4:59 PM

          To: Colberg, Talis J (LAW)

          Subject:   FW: Enstar & Marathon




        Craig J. Tillery

        Deputy Attorney General

        Alaska Department of Law
                                                                 1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0003106
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          1031 W. 4th Avenue ,     Suite 200

         Anchorage , AK 99501

          (907) 269-5200

         craig.tillery@alaska.gov <mailto: craig . tillery@alaska.gov>



          Please note that my email address has changed to craig.tillery@alaska.gov
          <mailto: craig .tillery@alaska.gov>




         From : DeVries, Steven D (LAW)

           Sent : Wednesday , July 11,     2007 4:25 PM

           To: Otierney , Daniel P (LAW ); Banks, Kevin R (DNR)

           Cc: Craig ,   Charley L (LAW); Klein,    Cristina M (LAW ); Tillery, Craig J (LAW)

           Subject : Enstar & Marathon




         Daniel/Kevin:




         I got a call from Enstar's counsel, Bill Saupe, today. He outlined for me some discussions
         Enstar has been having very recently with Marathon about gas supply. These discussions
         were apparently held in the last week, and are a take off from Enstar's earlier proposal
         to Marathon which were based on Enstar's discussions with RAPA regarding a price structure
         that we could accept. (This was vetted by DNR before we floated it to Enstar). The
         original RAPA endorsed proposal Enstar made got a very cool reception when tendered. But
         now, Marathon is asking questions about the RAPA proposal, and apparently is acting a
         little more positive. Saupe said Enstar was discussing supply options, including different
         tranches of supply (base load, swing, and peaking) as well. Enstar and Marathon want to
         meet with RAPA late next week to address some of these questions: pricing points selected,
         and options for other pricing points.




         Saupe also to know if RAPA would affirmatively endorse to the RCA a proposed gas supply
         agreement if we found it acceptable. If so, Enstar wants us to tell Marathon at the
         meeting that we would do so. Also he asked what RAPA could do under acceptable contract
                                                              2




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0003107
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         conditions to convince Tesoro and Agrium not to try to place roadblocks in front of quick
         RCA approval. He also said Marathon told Enstar it will not intervene in any RCA
         proceeding brought to review a new Enstar supply contract.




         I told Saupe I'd get back to him on whether we will agree to meet. Privileged or Personal Material
         Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




         Regarding pressuring Tesoro/Agrium to back off from objecting to a gas supply agreement we
         find acceptable, I told Saupe that I had no idea if we would be willing to do anything
         like that, but it is premature to even think of this until we see a supply contract we can
         live with.




         Let me know if you see any reason not to meet with Enstar/Marathon next week. For our
         side, we would need to have Cristina and Lew present, in addition to me and anyone
         else you think necessary.




         Steve




                                                            3




                                                                                                        PRA GSP01_0003108
