Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
        From:                      Leighow, Sharon W (GOV) [sharon.leighow@alaska.gov]
        Sent :                     Friday, July 13, 200711:24 AM
        To:                        Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); 'gov.sarah@yahoo.com'
        Cc:                        Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
        Subject:                   RE: District 14


         Folks -



        I can have a statement ready. Something generic about the Governor appreciates all those
        who applied and were willing to serve the state. She looks forward to talking with all of
        the candidates whose names were submitted to her. We expect the governor to have an
        announcement in the coming days   etc....



         SL



         -----Original Message-----

         From: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

        Sent: Friday, July 13, 2007 11:20 AM

        To: 'gov.sarah@yahoo.com'

        Cc: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)

        Subject: RE: District 14



        I will. I have some others things to bring you too.



        Yes, I too made the mistake of checking the blog and getting a rise in blood pressure.



        -----Original Message-----

        From: gov.saraheyahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yyahoo.com]

        Sent: Friday, July 13, 2007 11:08 AM

        To: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

        Cc: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)

        Subject: Re: District 14



        Pls gather their info from them at tonight's conclusion - you can drop off at my house and
        I'll be ready to go asap. I may make a few more phone calls but, confidentially, will be
        announcing very soon. Make them hand over their info though, including written responses
        to their interviews so I have all the same info that they have.

                                                               1




                                                                                                          PRA_GSP01_0003114
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          I'm glad today's ADN story accurately my comments about no more politics as usual - and
          about personal integrity being the requirement for finding replacement.




         Also, did you see Paul Fuhs' blog about Bitney and "...what was she thinking?!..." Yep,
         sounds like Bitney is spinning his interpretation of his departure in a perverse way while
         we graciously have kept our mouths shut. The posts further went on to claim, essentially,
         that Bitney was the only competent one on the third floor. Sheeeesh - what a slap he and
         his buds are getting some glee out of.

         Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



         -----Original Message-----

         From: "Perry , Kristina Y (GOV)" < kris . perry@alaska.gov>



         Date : Fri, 13 Jul 2007 10:29:16

         To:gov. sarah@yahoo.com

         Cc:"Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>,"Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)"
         <sharon.leighow@alaska.gov>

         Subject: District 14




         I spoke to Steve Colligan this morning and the public address by candidates for the
         District 14 seat is tonight, 7pm at the Sports Complex. The public and media are invited
         to attend.  At the conclusion of the public address this evening, the committee will
         announce those candidates that will be forwarded to the Governor (likely around 9pm).
         Steve said that there is good possibility that the list will not be limited to just three
         and could be up to four or five. He also stated that they realize that you do not have to
         select someone from their list. The process has included written and in-person interviews
         concluding with tonight's public address.  Candidates are scored on each aspect. Scores
         are kept private. I understand that Dan Kennedy and Cathy Giesel have been involved in
         the tallying of scores. Scores will not be released to the media.



        I plan to attend the public address. Sharon, we should have a statement ready in
        anticipation of the release of names.



        Kris




                                                         2




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0003115
