Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From :                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
         Sent:                     Friday, July 13, 2007 11:00 AM
         To:                       ed . director@xyz.net
         Subject :                 RE: Natural- Resources


         Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
         information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
         unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
         being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
         need , suggestion, or comment.



         -----Original Message-----

         From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

         Sent: Thursday, July 12, 2007 3:41 PM

         To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

         Subject: Natural-Resources



         Web mail from: Mr. Al Poindexter

         address :   4014 Lake Street, Suite 201 Homer AK 99603

          235-8177 x 4



         MESSAGE:

        Dear Governor Palin,

         The Alaska Association of Conservation Districts representing all of the Alaska State
        Soil and Water Conservation Districts will be hosting its annual fall conference in Palmer
        Oct. 11-13.  We would be honored if you could join us- even if for just our banquet. We
        would be elated to also hear from the Commissioner of Natural Resources and others who
        have connections to Soil and Water Conservation Districts and with Agriculture. I can
        certainly provide more details if you are interested. We typically have approximately 120
        in attendance.  Please let us know if you can squeeze us into you busy schedule. Thanks
        so much.  Have a great summer.



        Al Poindexter, Program Coordinator, AACD




        ed.director@xyz.net

        PLEASE ADD TO E-NEWS




                                                                1



                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0003118
