Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From:                     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
         Sent:                     Friday, July 13, 2007 10:59 AM
         To:                       Lskonberg@anhb.org
         Subject:                  RE: Health-Care


         Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
         information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
         unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
         being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
         need, suggestion, or comment.



         -----Original Message-----

         From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

         Sent: Thursday, July 12, 2007 2:07 PM

         To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

         Subject: Health-Care



        Web mail from: Lorena Skonberg

         address: 3700 Woodland Drive Anchorage AK 99517

          907-743-6106



        MESSAGE:

        Dear Governor Palin:

        The Alaska Native Health Board would like to invite you to attend our bi-annual Mega
        Meeting to be held in Anchorage on August 7, 2007. This is a collaborative meeting
        between the State of Alaska, DHSS/Indian Health Services and tribes. An letter of
        invitation was faxed to your office today.



        Please contact me at 907-743-6106 or Lskonberg@anhb.org if your schedule allows you to
        attend.   We can adjust our agenda accordingly to accommodate your attendance at any time
        during the day. I look forward to hearing from you, and I hope you are able to join us on
        August 7.



        Thank you.



        Lorena Skonberg

        Communications Director/Acting CEO

        Alaska Native Health Board



                                                               1




                                                                                                          PRA GSPO1_0003119
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Lskonberg@anhb.org

        PLEASE ADD TO E-NEWS




                                                      2




                                                                                                 PRA_GSP01_0003120
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


            FW: LEED Plaque dedication                                                                               Page 1 of 1


            Unknown
             From:       Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
             Sent :      Friday, July 13, 2007 11:27 AM
             To:         Rachel Livingston
            Subject: RE: LEED Plaque dedication
            Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Pal!n. The concerns, opinions, and/or information you
            have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is unable to respond to each and
            every email herself, your message has been received and is being reviewed by the appropriate staff
            person in this office who can best address your need, suggestion, or comment.


             From: Rachel Livingston [mailto:RLivingston@ci.homer.ak.us]
            .Sent: Friday, July 13, 2007 10:50 AM
             To: Pal!n, Sarah H (GOV); Stevens, Gary L (LAA); Seaton, Paul (LAA); 'jwilliams@borough.kenai.ak.us';
             'tnavarre@borough. kenai.ak.us'
            Subject: FW: LEED Plaque dedication




            The City of Homer is pleased to invite you to our LEED (Leadership in Energy & Environmental Design)
            plaque dedication ceremony for the Homer Public Library. The City is very proud to have the first
            community driven LEED certified building in the state of Alaska and we want to recognize the hard work
            of those individuals that made it happen. The dedication will be at 4pm on Friday, July 27th followed by a
            tour of the library to showcase LEED elements along with the wonderful art incorporated into this amazing
            structure. A small reception will be held at the Ring of Fire Meadery to celebrate our accomplishments at
            5:30. We certainly hope you will have an opportunity to attend this special event!

            Please let us know how many in your party so we may properly prepare for your arrival at
            rivingston@ci.homer.ak.us

            Sincerely,

            Rachel Livingston
            City of Homer




            11/13/2009

                                                                                                                 PRA GSP01_0003121
