Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From :                    Tibbles, Michael A (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                     GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=MATIBBLES]
           Sent:                     Saturday, July 14, 2007 8:43 PM
           To:                       'gov. sarah@yahoo.com'; Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
           Subject:                  Re: Letter to editor


           Mark is still on board. He was shifted from director to chief of investigations in
           Commerce.  I talked to Ted Leonard and he felt they really needed to beef up their
           investigations section.  I heard recently from Ted that Mark is doing well and they will
           probably coming to us after they complete their full agency review to put even more
           emphasis on investigations inbanking securities and corporations.



           Mike



           ----- Original message -----

           From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

           To: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

           Sent: Sat Jul 14 20:35:42 2007

           Subject: Re: Letter to editor



           He's being very unreasonable and I know he's met with numerous officials many times on
           this . He's one who won't leave the waiting room if he knows I'm around - and was very
           insistent again today at the parade . I could not believe he and a colleague had my parents
           deliver all that same info to my house tonight after I ' d just spoken to him again about
           it.



           Also, we're not getting rid of mark Davis are we?

           Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



           -----Original Message-----

           From: "Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>



           Date : Sat, 14 Jul 2007 20:31:24

           To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com, "Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)" <kris.perry@alaska.gov>

           Subject: Re: Letter to editor




          Regarding Goodman, DMVA issued an RFP based upon the grant money in the capital budget.
          Goodman was the only responsive bidder; however, he is asking for what the department
                                                                1




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0003153
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           believes as too high of fees. He met with Russ and Nizich and was told he needs to work
           with DMVA to resolve the fee issue. He was not satisfied. DMVA offered space for him to
           work but from what I understand he wants his own rented space with brand new computers.
           Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




             Mike



             ----- Original Message -----

             From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

             To: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV); Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)

             Sent: Sat Jul 14 20:11:19 2007

             Subject: Letter to editor



            Kris - could u find out from whomever is to be monitoring Valley issues - was I the only
           one to have seen the letter to the adn Valley-section editor this week from a young woman
           who said she ' s tried to contact us many times and keeps getting rebuffed - sounds like
           she's on a Gov ' s Youth Task Force but gets no responses from " me" in all her attempts at
           contacts .'Did anyone follow up on that letter ? Colleen or Michelle or Mark or
           Communications people?



            Also , Bob Goodman cornered me at parade today - encounter AGAIN about his territorial
           guard issue . Is very insistent on having to see me again about it . Then he tracked down my
           parents , they had to deliver a bunch more inforation from him to me about the SAME issue
           tonight. They had to deliver it to my house.

            Sent from my BlackBerry ® device from Cellular One




                                                                 2




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01 _0003154
