Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From :                    Tibbles, Michael A (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                     GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=MATIBBLES]
           Sent:                     Saturday, July 14, 2007 8:31 PM
           To:                       'gov.sarah@yahoo.com'; Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
           Subject :                 Re: Letter to editor


           Regarding Goodman, DMVA issued an RFP based upon the grant money in the capital budget.
           Goodman was the only responsive bidder; however, he is asking for what the department
           believes as too high of fees. He met with Russ and Nizich and was told he needs to work
           with DMVA to resolve the fee issue. He was not satisfied. DMVA offered space for him to
           work but from what I understand he wants his own rented space with brand new computers.
           Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




           Mike



           ----- Original message ----

           From: gov.saraheyahoo.com <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

           To: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV); Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)

           Sent: Sat Jul 14 20:11:19 2007

           Subject: Letter to editor



           Kris - could u find out from whomever is to be monitoring Valley issues - was I the only
           one to have seen the letter to the adn Valley-section editor this week from a young woman
           who said she's tried to contact us many times and keeps getting rebuffed - sounds like
           she's on a Gov's Youth Task Force but gets no responses from "me" in all her attempts at
           contacts. Did anyone follow up on that letter? Colleen or Michelle or Mark or
           Communications people?



           Also, Bob Goodman cornered me at parade today - encounter, AGAIN about his territorial
           guard issue. Is very insistent on having to see me again about it. Then he tracked down my
           parents, they had to deliver a bunch moreinforation from him to me about the SAME issue
           tonight. They had to deliver it to my house.

           Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One




                                                                 1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0003155
