Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
         From :                     Irwin, Tom E (DNR) [tom.irwin c©alaska.gov]
         Sent:                      Sunday, July 15, 2007 6:44 PM
         To:                        George Matz; Irwin; Tom E (DNR)
         Cc:                        Patin: Sarah H (GOV); Lefebvre; Richard A (DNR); Rutherford; Martha K (DNR)
         Subject:                   RE: DNR Media Release


         George, thanks for the email. If you would like to visit directly please send your phone
         number and I will call. I think it would be good to visit. I think we both care about
         the same things very much. Tom



         -----Original Message-----

         From: "George Matz" <geomatz@alaska.net>

         To: "tom irwin@dnr.state.ak.us" <tom irwin@dnr.state.ak.us>

         Cc: "sarah_palinagov.state.ak.us" <sarah pa],in@gov.state.ak.us>

         Sent: 7/15/07 2:39 PM

         Subject: DNR Media Release



         George Matz

         PO Box 15182

         Fritz Creek, AK 99603



         July 15, 2007



         Commissioner Tom Irwin

         Department of Natural Resources

         400 Willoughby Ave., Suite 500

         Juneau, AX 99801



         Dear Commissioner Irwin:



         In all the years that I have lived in this great state, I can't recall any

         prior incident where the Commissioner of the Department of Natural Resources

         (DNR) has taken it upon him/herself to attack well meaning citizens who seek

         greater assurance that; 1) Alaska's renewable resources will be managed in

         an ecologically safe and sustainable manner, and 2) that the development of

                                                                   1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01 0003170
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          one resource will not have a predatory effect on other resources .                   Your July

          3, 2007 DNR Media Release is such an attack .              It brazenly claims that there

          is a "growing trend of anti - resource development initiatives " that are

          "subverting " DNR's mine permitting process .              It even implicates several

          individuals - including me (the Homer resident that proposed a fish refuge

          to the Board of Fisheries).



          I am offended by your attack on me and others .              I think your " anti - resource

          development " characterization widely misses the point .              Your statement doesn

          It appear to be sensitive to the differences between conservation (i.e.,

         maintaining supply )      and development     ( i.e., allocating and meeting demand).

         Conservation , which tends to restrain consumptive use of resources, is not

          "anti-resource development" but an investment in the future .                 Without

         conservation ,    the insatiable demand for a resource might lead to its

         extirpation and/or predation on other resources .               If so, the result will be

         reduced opportunity for future development.



         When I submitted Proposal 121 to the Board of Fisheries , which asked for

         their recommendation to establish a fish refuge on state - owned waters in the

         Lower and Upper Talarik Creeks and the Koktuli River ,               I was addressing the

         conservation authority of the Board of Fisheries rather than its development

          (allocation )   authority .    Obviously ,   concern about potential environmental

         impacts from the proposed Pebble Mine was part of my motivation, but I was

         clear in stating that my intent was to help clarify what is otherwise an

         amorphous situation for measuring the impact on fisheries from nonrewable,

         resource development - such as mining.



         As I see it , DNR's mine permitting process is more about articulating

         efficient coordination between agencies and permit applicants than it is

         about compliance with a rigorous set of standards. Existing permit

         requirements allow wide latitude for subjectivity and discretion. For

         example , to obtain a state water rights permit , AS 46 . 15.080 provides

         criteria relative to fish or wildlife which requires only that ,the

         commissioner shall consider . the effect of fish and game resources and on
                                                                 2
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          public recreational opportunities."       All that is needed is documentation

           that fish and game impacts were given cursory review before a permit is

           issued - which may or may not be detrimental to these resources.



          A Title 41 (fish habitat) permit provides somewhat better direction by

           stating that a permit can be denied if the "deputy commissioner finds the

          plans and specifications insufficient for the proper protection of fish and

          game." But the 2003 Executive Order that moved Habitat from the Department

          of Fish and Game      (DF&G) to DNR certainly lowers the bar, which was its

          intent.




          When the Division of Habitat was in DF&G, its mission was "to protect,

          maintain, enhance, and restore habitat for fish and wildlife consistent with

          sound conservation and sustained yield principles." Furthermore, since DF&G

           's agency culture tends to be biased towards protecting resources (which is

          as it should be), Habitat was doing its job by being proactive about habitat

          protection and being involved in more than just permitting.



          With the transfer of Habitat to DNR, not only was it reduced from a division

          to an office, but its emphasis became expeditious permitting. According to

          the Office of Habitat Management and Permitting (OHMP) FY 2004 budget, its

          mission became "timely permit review and approvals for projects affecting

          anadromous waterbodies and fish-bearing waters."          Furthermore, being in DNR,

          which has an agency culture biased towards mitigation rather than protection

          (which is as it should be), OHMP is less likely to comply with DF&G's

          precautionary approach for sustainably managing salmon fisheries (5 AAC

          39.222) which says in part that "salmon habitats should not be perturbed

          beyond natural boundaries of variation." Based on your letter, this might

          be deemed as "anti-resource development."



          My purpose in submitting Proposal 121 was not to stop the Pebble Mine, but

          to raise the bar and require a higher level of compatibility with fisheries

         than that required by existing permits for any mining venture. In fact, the

                                                            3




                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0003172
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         proposal says, "if nonrenewable resource developers are able to internalize

         their costs and achieve no net loss' of the regions fisheries , not only

         would they be unaffected by this proposal, but they should support the

         proposal."



         Furthermore, in my testimony to the Board of Fisheries I presented the

         following.



         "What this proposal DOES NOT do?



         1.   Does not prohibit any mine that can achieve " no net loss " of wild fish

         that spawn or rear in these waters.



         Proposal 121 is about protecting fish habitat, not mining. Nor does it ask

         the Board of Fisheries to become mining experts .           Although it does create

         conditions which should result in better internalization of environmental

         costs, particularly fisheries ,       it doesn't attempt to make any judgment about

         the feasibility of any mine that might impact fish habitat. That decision

         is up to those who hold the mining claims. If a mining plan can internalize

         its environmental costs, thereby having no significant impact on fish native

         to the waters being impacted, there is no reason why it should not proceed

         to development ,    even if adjacent waters have been designated a fish refuge."



         I thought that this was the proper time to submit this proposal because I

         didn't think it was fair to the industry to "wait-and - see" and then suggest

         these changes after permits had been applied for.



        Unfortunately, expectations regarding the possible extent of the Pebble Mine

         have not been tempered by a balance between conservation and development.

         It now appears unlikely that the scale of development being discussed could

         internalize all of its environmental costs. But maybe if exploration plans

        were initially constrained by a refuge, Northern Dynasty would have

        concentrated more on what it is feasible with respect to the interests of

        other resources and resource users than what is optimal from their
                                                             4
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         perspective .     Not every ounce of gold needs to be extracted .           That obviously

         isn't happening which to me is a failure in the permitting activities that

         are ongoing between Northern Dynasty and DNR.



         I can assure you that there is no conspiracy behind the separate ,                though

         related ,   actions referred to in your letter. Based on the strong public

         support that I received for my fish refuge proposal ,            I would be more

         inclined to say that it's not a conspiracy but a growing concern that DNR's

         mine permitting process is not doing the job .             Maybe DNR ' s recent

         streamlining efforts have eliminated more than redundancy.



         Your assertion that      " Alaska has a world-class system in place " seems to be

         swayed by mining company advertisements that continuously trumpet Alaska's

         rigorous permitting process .         This claim is never backed up with any

         reference as to who made this determination or whether it even applies to

         mining .    ( It might be accurate if speaking just of cruise ship regulations).

         In contrast ,    the   Fraser Institute 2006 / 2007 Annual Survey of Mining

         Companies indicates that Alaska ' s permitting system is viewed favorably

         (i.e., not rigorous )     by the mining industry .        Among 65 governments and 14

         U.S. states , Alaska was ranked 12th best internationally and 3rd best among

         U.S. states with regards to uncertainty in the administration,

         interpretation and enforcement of existing regulations not being a deterrent

         to mining .     Alaska ranked 41st internationally and 5th best among U.S.

         states with regards to environmental regulations not being a deterrent to

         mining.



         Your letter ends by stating that DNR may conduct a             " series of workshops on

         resource permitting and regulation " and "allow for input on how to improve

         the process ."     This is strikes me as the proverbial         " closing the barn door

         after the horse got out." Trying to apply any improvements to ongoing mine

         development plans will elicit charges from the mining industry that you "can

         It change horses in the middle of the river ."            Nevertheless, I would like to

         "jump the gun " and suggest what are in my view four serious flaws with the

                                                               5



                                                                                                         PRA GSP01_0003174
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         current permitting system.



         1.   There is no "if." - For any large project like the Pebble Mine, the

         permitting process should be a two step effort . The first step should be a

         reconnaissance level analysis to determine            " if" the project should be built

         (similar to AS 44.83.177 and AAC 94 . 055 that previously applied to Alaska

         Power Authority projects ).           Are there possible fatal flaws ?       Does the site

         have potential for severe impacts to the public and public resources? There

         are all sorts of siting laws that provide precedence for this type of

         review .     If project review passes this stage ,          then emphasis should be on

         approving design and prescribing mitigation requirements.



         Unfortunately it appears that "if'           is not an option in DNR's permitting

         process .     To illustrate,    DNR's FY 2005 operating Budget lists key department

         challenges with respect to mining projects .            The document says, "An

         important challenge for Alaska is completing the permitting to enable the

         development, or continued development,           of Alaska ' s Large Mines ."       In other

         words ,    a permit is virtually assured .       By giving away this leverage, it

         appears as if permitting is more a negotiation exercise than regulatory.



         2.   Lack of checks - and-balances -         As Commissioner of DNR and an

         accomplished and respected mining engineer ,           I'm sure that your decisions to

         permit the Pebble Mine will be based on a sincere effort to do what you

         think is in the best interests of the state .               The problem is that an equally

         accomplished ,    respected ,   and sincere biologist might reach a totally

         different conclusion .       So who is right?



         In a properly working democratic government ,            the agencies for each

         perspective should be given an unfettered opportunity to present their

         perspective on an issue . Although someone still has to make the decision,

         the crucial question is; has the opportunity to hear all reasonable

         perspectives been taken into account?            Based on recent reports (e.g.

         Chickaloon coal plan),       it seems that DNR's efforts to concentrate resource

         permit decisions within the department in order to streamline                  the permit
                                                                 6
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         process has been at the expense of a comprehensive review of impacts on

         resources (fish and game) that are supposed to be managed by DF&G.



         3.   Rigorous standards - In my view, a resource permitting system that is

         "effective, fair and responsible" and fiscally conservative is one that

         internalizes not only monetary costs, but also environmental and social

         costs .   In essence ,   if no costs are being imposed on anyone else, there

         should be no defendable reason to oppose a project. What could be fairer?

         While that may be the goal, as we know, not all goals are reached. So how

         do you decide if falling short of the goal might still be acceptable?



         First of all, it needs to be determined where a proposed project does

         actually fall short of its goal. Those sponsoring a project need to provide

         a comprehensive measure of project impact. What are the ambient conditions

         for air, water, and land quality as well as its respective fauna and flora?

         This analysis already is part of the state' s process.



         Then, how do these conditions compare to those expected during operation of

         the project and after the project is put to bed.            If there is no net

         effect, or even enhancement, costs have been internalized. But if there

         negative differences ,     focus on these differences narrows the basis for

         deciding whether or not a project is acceptable. Furthermore, the benefits

         and costs incurred in reducing these differences can derive some estimate of

        opportunity cost.



         So how does all this information come together in terms of a final decision?



         I think the answer can be found in an economic method called the Safe

        Minimum Standard ( SMS).        This method establishes a standard that becomes the

        bottom line in deciding whether or not a proposed change (e.g. resource

        development) to existing conditions is acceptable. If lack of change results

        in opportunity costs that are unacceptably high, then change is allowed.

        This may still result in honest differences of opinion, particularly when

                                                            7




                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0003176
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         comparing the value of one resource to another, but at least it narrows the

         discussion to the essence of the issue.



         4.   Public process - Although DNR may think it is not yet time to actively

         involve the public in the Pebble Mine process (e.g., scoping meetings), even

         though it has been contractually involved for a couple of years now, I see

         the blitz of media ads and letters-to-the-editor on Pebble as an indication

         that DNR's public process (or lack thereof) is not doing the job.

         Obviously, the public thinks that now is the time to discuss matters.



         The delay by DNR to involve the public is likely to lead to a situation

         where stakeholders have an unreasonable short time to review reams of

         complex documents regarding project impact (e.g., Rock Creek permitting

         process).     DNR may technically be in compliance with public process laws,

         but this certainly subverts any meaningful opportunity to make any changes

         to what the agency may have already decided.



         As I implied earlier, once you look past the advertising slogans there

         appears to be nothing especially rigorous about Alaska's mine permitting

         process.    While it is not laissez faire, as it is in some countries, it also

         is not one that rejects any permit applications or sets standards that can

         not be met by virtually any project. Given the reputation that some are

         prone to attribute to this state, I think we need to do better.



         In closing, I believe the assertions in your Media Release are strongly

        biased and lack a conservation perspective. Furthermore, these statements

        raise serious question as to whether comments from individuals you have

        implicated have already been stigmatized by DNR and will not be given fair

        consideration during the permit process.



        I am taking the liberty to e-mail this letter        to some of my media contacts

        as well as other interested individuals.



        Sincerely,
                                                         8




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0003177
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         George Matz



         Attachments:

         Proposal 121

         BOF testimony on Proposal 121 by George Matz




                                                        9
