Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                    Page 1 of 2


            Unknown

            From :    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored ) [governor@alaska.gov]
            Sent:     Monday , July 16, 2007 11:36 AM
            Subject : Ethics Act
            Dear State Employee,

            As you may know, this week I signed legislation to improve Alaska's ethics and disclosure laws. I would
            like to thank the many employees , lawmakers and citizens who helped to craft this legislation that will
            allow our government to operate in a more open and transparent fashion. Let's commit to making our
            state better and make state government more trustworthy, accountable and responsive to those we serve
            - the residents of Alaska!

            The legislation's changes to the Alaska Executive Branch Ethics Act take effect immediately, as do some
            of its changes to the disclosure laws. These changes may apply to YOU. Please take a moment and
            read through the attached summary so you will know how these laws have changed and how those
            changes may affect you.


            The changes to the Executive Branch Ethics Act concern

                 When your financial interest in a business is considered insignificant under the Ethics Act;

                 Gifts to you and your family members from lobbyists;

                 Your employment after leaving state service;

                 Working in the same unit as your family members;

                 When your activities constitute "official action";

                 Using state aircraft for political purposes;

                 Lobbying after leaving state service; and

                 Serving on boards after leaving state service.

            The changes to the disclosure laws - which apply to certain high-level positions in the executive branch
            and to many boards and commissions - concern

                 Electronic filing of financial disclosures;

                 Including more details in financial disclosures;

                 Disclosures upon leaving state service; and

                 Disclosures from additional boards and commissions.

            In addition, a change to the criminal laws requires public servants to report promptly to law enforcement
            agents when they know or reasonably should know of bribery of a public servant.

           A summary of these changes is attached. To see a copy of the legislation, go to
           http://www.legis.state.ak.us/PDF/25/Bills/HBO109G.PDF.

           If you have questions about how the legislation may apply to your circumstances , please contact your
           designated ethics supervisor . If you don't know who your designated ethics supervisor is, a list of
           designated ethics supervisors is also attached.


            11/13/2009

                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0003183
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                              Page 2 of 2



            I appreciate all of you and the outstanding work you do. Thank you for your continued support.

            Sincerely,

            Sarah Palin
            Governor




           11/13/2009

                                                                                                             PRA GSP01 _0003184
