Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From :                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
         Sent:                     Monday, July 16, 2007 12:01 PM
        To:                        princess-misty_jain@yahoo.com
        Subject :                  RE: Military_and_Veterans_Affairs


        Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
        information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
        unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
        being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
        need, suggestion, or comment.



         -----Original Message-----

         From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

        Sent: Sunday, July 15, 2007 10:11 AM

        To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

        Subject: military-and-Veterans-Affairs



        Web mail from: Ms. Misty-Rose Parker-Bean

        address: FST 1-91 CAV CMR 464 Box 366 APO OS 09226




        MESSAGE:

        Dear Governor,.



        My name is Misty-Rose Parker-Bean. I am from the city

        of Fairbanks and I am an Alaskan Native. I am writing

        you today on the behalf of my husband, Bobby. He is a

        member of the US Army. He was a member of the 172nd

        Stryker Brigade team. He was one of those who got

        extended last minute as you well know.



        Since then, we have have changed are duty station and

        we have moved on to Germany. We will be coming home to

        Alaska after this tour of duty. We arrived here on

        April 29th. He is now apart of the FST 1-91 Cav. We

        then found out he would be deploying to Afghanistan.
                                                                 1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0003185
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         We asked about dwell time seeing he has only been back

         from a deployment not even 7 months . He asked and

         asked and no one followed threw with their job. He

         asked his squad leader and he said he took it to the

         first Sargent, and he asked the first Sargent and he

         knew nothing about it. I feel as though this is very

         poor mis management . We has asked as soon as he

         received orders months ago and nothing came of it. I

         just got him back after a 15-month deployment and now

         I have to let him go again and find the strength to do

         it all over again .     I am in a foreign country. My

         family isn't here to help support me like they did

        back in Fairbanks. I feel as though myself am going

        threw a deployment. But I fear I am not strong enough

        to take this time around, and my biggest fear is that

        he is not able to do it again. He is not mentally

        capeable of going out into another combat fire zone.



        I ask of you , please please help us fight this .       Please

        make sure he gets what he has worked for. Time off and

        give him his much needed dwell time.



        Thank you so much for your time,



        Misty-Rose Parker-Bean

        FST 1-91 CAV

        CMR 464 Box 366

        APO AE 09226

        011-49-15152183116



        princess_misty_rain@yahoo.com




                                                          2
