Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From :                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
         Sent :                    Monday, July 16, 2007 11:02 AM
         To:                       info@integrityschool.ca
         Subject:                  RE: Other


        Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
        information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
        unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
        being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
        need, suggestion, or comment.



         -----Original Message-----

        From : WebMail@gov . state . ak.us     (mailto : WebMail@gov . state.ak.us]

        Sent : Saturday ,    July 14,   2007 6:03 PM

        To: Governor Sarah Palin        ( GOV sponsored)

        Subject: Other



        Web mail from: Lisa Rosano

        address: 67 Bronte Road, Unit 205 Oakville, Ontario, CANADA 1613b7 OS 1613b

          905-465-3334




        MESSAGE:

        Dear Honorable Governor Palin,




        You and your representatives are cordially invited to attend a great International

        event, the unveiling of Charmed Integrity School's Integrity and Self Enrichment

        Program for Youth. Our turnkey lesson plans are now available for North American

        governments to purchase and implement in our school systems. Any teacher can

        pick up these plans and within minutes give the courses.



        I am hoping to attract United States' Governors and Canada's Premiers, and/or

        associated representatives, who are concerned about the development of the youth

        in North America. There will be considerable national and international media in

        attendance.



        Changing the Face of North America's Future
                                                                 1




                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0003189
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         The Unveiling of Charmed Integrity School ' s Youth Program

         Date : September 8, 2007

         Time :   9:30 am - 10:30 am

         - 9:30 am - Meet and greet the students            ( media will be present)

         - 10:00 am - Class begins - Introduction to Integrity

         - 10:30 am - You may stay until noon or choose to leave along with the media.

         Location : Lord Elgin Hotel ,         Ottawa , Canada   ( blocks from parliament)

         Role : Guest Appearance

         Other Invitees :    Forty students , United States Governors , Canadian Premiers,

         representatives , VIPs and National and International news media.

         RSVP :   Charmed Integrity School Inc .,       Lisa Rosano ,    905-465-3334,

         info@ integrityschool . ca, 67 Bronte Road ,        Unit 205, Oakville ,      Ontario ,   Canada L6L

         3B7.




         I am a noted publicist of fifteen years who is dedicated the past 5 years to working

         with youth .   I have spent the past two years researching youth development and

         have created a multi faceted Character Development Program that works . Experts

         in the field of education have assisted in creating turnkey, teacher directed lesson

         plans with the goal of implementation into the North American school curriculum.



         The benefit of this initiative is that it is truly changing the minds ,                    opinions, and

         actions of our youth .      They are eager to receive the information, become involved in

         the many activities and utilize the tools taught in this program . Youth learn how

         changing their behaviors benefits their future and increases their options for a

         successful transition into an ever changing society . The public is begging for an

         answer. Our youth need help . The Integrity Program for Youth addresses both

         these critical needs.



         In 15 years from today ,      our youth will be running hospitals ,           seniors lives, and

        North America ! Disciplinary acts to " enforce" youth to live with integrity were taken

         out of the schools 15 to 20 years ago, but unfortunately the teachings of integrity

        went along with it .      The majority of our youth have not been taught the basic

        principles of integrity . We cannot wait another minute.
                                                                  2




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0003190
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         After the courses, students have told me that nobody has ever cared or guided

         their future as much as they received in one day. They are "grateful" for the

         information because it truly helps           them succeed in all facets of life.



         Please RSVP your or your representatives attendance. I would be honored by a note

         of support that we may publish and to book a time to further discuss how your

         state's youth can benefit by implementing The Integrity Program for Youth into

        your school system. Please visit www.integrityschool.ca for more information

         including a course overview ,         referrals ,   media coverage to date, student comments

         and a schedule with a date booked to give a class in your state.



        Thank you for your time and I look forward to our positive correspondence,

        Lisa Rosano ,    Founder and President




        info@integrityschool.ca




                                                                 3




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01 0003191
