Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From :                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
         Sent :                    Monday, July 16, 2007 4:01 PM
         To:                       davidv@evergreenalaska.com
         Subject :                 RE: Homeland-Security


         Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
         information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
         unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
         being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
         need, suggestion, or comment.



         -----Original Message-----

         From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

         Sent: Sunday, July 15, 2007 9:24 PM

         To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

         Subject: Homeland-Security



        web mail from : Mr. David Valdez Jr.

         address: 403 D Street #2 Fairbanks AK 99701




        MESSAGE:

        Dear Governor Palin,




        I would encourage you to find a voice on the national level for continuing support for the
        President on Iraq for the sake of Israel. As a proud card carrying republican Christian,
        I am open to suggestions on how to further the cause for all Christian Alaskan's to not
        allow the left-wing of both parties to hijack the progress of our US Military and accept
        defeat in Iraq.




        The US troop surge has only been in play for 30 days as of 06/15/07, something mainstream
        media wont acknowledge and or understand that logistic's was 1/2 the battle. In concert
        with the troop surge is an increased presence of the USAF as well that is in-country to
        provide efficencies of air support that we lacked prior to both these surges. We are just
        begining to see the first-fruits of Rumfields replacements as well as a renewed sense of
        trusting advisors that see the end game as victory and not defeat.   Focus on the positive
        aspects of the "Report Card on Iraq".



        By design, God has made America Israel's guardian and the devil knows that a house divided
        will not stand. Democrats and Republicans whom fear God and not man need to correlate the
        increase in our prosperity and our level of understanding is a direct result of America
        playing a critical role in God's plan to form the nation of Israel. I am not Jewish or a
        preacher, but a witness to God's Holy grace. If America pulls out of Iraq, the jihadist
                                                                1




                                                                                                         PRA GSP01_0003205
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         will target Israel unified with all of the middle east , paticularly Iran , and as a Legion
         attempt to destroy Israel and its people . Imagine giving Satan ' s legion the political
         ammuntion of "a defeated America " in Iraq and rallying the deceived into believing they
         could defeat America again when they go after Israel.



         Moving forward , I encourage The Republican Party of Alaska to take a stand for God's
         precepts for the people and nation of Israel .    Please let me know if I am a member of a
         party that want ' s to stay the course in Iraq and understand ' s that defeat in Iraq is not
         an option.   Or am I a member of a hijacked leftist party that wants to devoid God out of
         politic's, public schools and MY State and Federal Government .     Do not embolden our mutual
         enemies , demoralize them with a defeat in Iraq .   A Victory in Iraq will cause the
         terrorist to realize that we our a nation that is indivisable and a country that fears
         God, not man : "In God We Trust".



         Sincerely,




         David A Valdez Jr

         davidv@evergreenalaska.com



         cc:

         Senator Ted Stevens and Senator Lisa Murkowski

         and the Republican Jewish Coalition



        davidv@evergreenalaska.com

        PLEASE ADD TO E-NEWS




                                                        2




                                                                                                   PRA_GSP01_0003206
