Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Unknown
        From :                     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
        Sent:                      Monday, July 16, 2007 4:00 PM
        To:                        ronhelma@wildak.net
        Subject:                   RE: Fish_and_Game


        Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
        information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
        unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
        being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
        need, suggestion, or comment.



        -----Original Message-----

        From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

        Sent: Sunday, July 15, 2007 10:00 PM

        To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

        Subject: Fish-and- Game



        Web mail from: Mr. Ronald Gibbens

        address: PO Box 1314 Delta Junction AK 99737

          907-895-4341



        MESSAGE:

        Dear Govenor Palin



        I urge you to do whatever is within your power to stop the cow moose hunt that is to
        scheduled to take place this fall in the Delta Closed Area (GMD 20D). The Department of
        Fish and Game has in the past authorized a small number of permits for bulls in this area,
        this year not only have they have increased the number of bulls to be taken, but have
        authorized a large (900 permits) hunt for cows as well.



        A significant portion of this area is heavily populated residential areas. This also
        includes the area within the city limits of Delta Junction. To my understanding I could
        literally stand in the middle of Delta Junction and legally shoot a moose. I am a hunter
        and this borders on insanity to even think of someone hunting big game with a high powered
        rifle in heavily populated residential areas. The City of Delta Junction has passed an
        ordinance banning hunting within the city limits, but this does nothing for the people
        living outside the city limits. An article in this p\last weeks newpaper states the city
        cannot enforce the ordinance, nor would it hold up in court, because the city does not
        have the power to regulate hunting of within the state. If they want to reduce the number
        of cows in the area at least limit the hunt to bowhunters like Fairbanks does.



        If this hunt is allowed to take place the Department of Fish and Game is negilgently
        endangering the residents of this area. It could also place a enormous financial
                                                                 1




                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0003207
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         liability on the state if someone were injured or killed by a hunter during the hunt
         period.



         Please look into this matter and stop this insane hunt      before someone gets hurt.




         Thank you for your time.



         Ron & Helma Gibbens



         ronhelma@wildak.net

         PLEASE ADD TO E-NEWS




                                                      2




                                                                                                 PRA_GSPO1_0003208
