Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Unknown
        From :                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.gov]
        Sent :                    Tuesday, July 17, 2007 3:22 PM
        To:                       susan.hope@nsbsd.org
        Subject:                  RE: Education


        Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
        information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
        unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
        being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
        need, suggestion, or comment.



        -----Original Message-----

        From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

        Sent: Friday, July 13, 2007 4:27 PM

        To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

        Subject: Education



        Web mail from: Susan Hope

        address: P.O. Box 842 Barrow AK 99723

         907-852-9509




        MESSAGE:

        Honorable Governor Palin,



        I wanted to share with you a report that we recieved from one of our Barrow High School
        Champerones who attend the BHS Football Camp this summer. We would be honored if you
        would attend the first football game of the Whaler season and sign the winning football.
        Our home game will begin at 11:00 a.m., in Barrow on August 11, 2007. Your presense would
        be an honor to us all in Barrow. We believe that our football program will be an asset to
        our community teaching our boys valuable lessons on teamwork, pride, self-discipline and
        acocomplishment. Please confirm your attendance with the Superintendents office
        907-852-5311 or direct line 907-852-9529.



        Thank you, Susan Hope, School Board Secretary



        Letter from Chaperone below:



       Good Evening Football Family,



                                                               I



                                                                                                         PRA GSP01_0003219
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         I keep hearing reports from many of you that your boys haven't told you about all the cool
         stuff they got to do on the football trip like being received by the Tennessee Governor in
         Nashville. The Titans heard about it and showed up with a trophy ball signed by head coach
         Jeff Fisher , which the Governor also signed . The Titans gave out souvenirs and Titan ball
         caps! Here is a web site were you can look at and download pictures of your boys in this
         photo op:



         http: //www.tn . gov/eventphotos / index . html        -     and click June 1



         http :// www.tn . gov/eventphotos / BW06012007.html




         They were perfect gentlemen and proved that they had listened to the protocols of meeting
         the Governor.



        We were also the Sunday Night Highlight for CBS Sports Center with Eric Yutzy . CBS was
        there when we met the Governor . For most it was a true Forrest Gump moment in time. I
        just got off the phone with Mr.

        Yutzy and he has promised to send a copy of the Whaler story . I will be sure to let you
        know when it comes in!



        WHALERS ...   WE BELIEVE !     (Ask them why we say this.)




        Scott Barr

        FCA Huddle Coach




        susan .hope@nsbsd.org




                                                            2




                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0003220
