Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Unknown
        From :                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
        Sent:                     Tuesday, July 17, 2007 2:10 PM
        To:                       jshare@oildom.com
        Subject :                  RE: OiI&Gas


        Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
        information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
        unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
        being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
        need, suggestion, or comment.



         -----Original Message-----

        From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov. state .ak.us]

        Sent: Tuesday, July 17, 2007 1:45 PM

        To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

        Subject: Oil&Gas



        Web mail from : Mr. Jeff Share

        address :   1160 Dairy Ashford, #610 Houston TX 77079

          281 558-6930 x 218



        MESSAGE:

        Hello Gov. Palin,



        I would like to introduce myself to you in the hope of establishing a meaningful
        relationship leading to the long-awaited and badly needed Alaskan Natural Gas Pipeline. I
        am editor of Pipeline & Gas Journal in Houston, the oldest and most-respected pipeline
        magazine worldwide. I am also chairman of our Pipeline Opportunities Conference which is
        held annually to provide an update on new and ongoing pipeline projects, particularly in
        North America.



        I would like to personally invite you to be our guest keynote speaker at the 4th annual
        conference that is scheduled for March 25, 2008 at the Hyatt Regency in Houston. Our last
        conference was held on March 26 and attracted a crowd of 344 (25 speakers including our
        keynote speaker Drue Pearce). Our attendees represent all areas of the pipeline industry:
        transmission managers and executuives; contractors and suppliers; regulators and
        lawmakers; consultants and engineers. Typically our sessions consist of executive
        roundtables in which pipeline officials talk about their projects and the factors that are
        driving the work forward.



        We have followed the Alaskan gas pipeline discussions for years and obviously see a great
        need for his project, both in terms of gas supply for the Lower 48, growth opportunities
        for Alaskans and western Canadians, and also for those who work directly and indirectly in
                                                               1




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0003225
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         the pipeline industry. Your proposal is certainly a change from the past and seems to have
         a chance for greater public support.



         We would like to offer you an open forum to discuss the project and provide updates to our
         audience. We have had considerable press coverage in the past (both for Drue Pearce and
         Shawn Parnell who was our very first keynote speaker in 2005). We would have outstanding
         press coverage for your visit and would publicize it very heavily.



         I apologize for the length of this note but I am extremely interested in offering you a
         chance to talk about this very important project to this excellent audience.



         I would appreciate it if a member of your staff could contact me with any questions or
         concerns.



         Sincerely,



         Jeff Share/Editor

         Pipeline & Gas Journal

         281 558 - 6930 x 218

         www.pgjonline.com




         jshare@oildom.com




                                                       2




                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0003226
