Unknown

From :                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
Sent:                    Friday, August 31, 2007 6:13 AM
To:                      Mason ; Janice L (GOV); Todd Palin
Cc:                      Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Jackson; Karleen K (HSS); Kim; Anna C
                         (GOV); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
Subject :                Event: Scheduling Requests


J- did california just request this- for the weekend? It's too bad they only gave one week notice.



Let me look at the port visit - we have the busy press conf that day and travel to Juneau.



Todd gave an open hse date to Erika awhile back-I'll chk with him on what they already worked out
for that event.



We'll do that Gov's challenge- I'll ask around the Anchorage office for the info unless you can send it
again to them. I dont have the info. Is it something you could also coordinate with HESS Commish
Jackson? We're looking for some kind of fitness-type event to highlight need for active lifestyle-
maybe HESS (Anna Kim would know) would assist on whatever the event is. Talis and other could
participate too? Depending on what it is... Thanks!

Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



-----Original Message-----

From: " Mason , Janice L (GOV)" <janice. mason@alaska.gov>



Date: Thu, 30 Aug 2007 18:19:43

To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com, fek9wnr@yahoo.com

Cc:"Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>,"Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)"
<kris. perry@alaska.gov>

Subject: Scheduling Requests




Governor and Todd -
                                                       1                                      ROSTON 00835




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
You have both been included in an invitation from Bill Sheffield to visit the Port of Anchorage on
September 11 (Tuesday) from 9:00 a.m. - 2:00 p.m. as Horizon and TOTE will host their Annual
Food Drive Bar-B-Que. A donation of $1 M in gravel will also take place during this time. This will
give you first hand the opportunity for tour and to meet with majority of people who make the Port
operate. In this regards we have also received a phone call from Paul Fuhs and Scott Heyworth to
get your confirmation. Scott said that this was discussed with the Governor previously and that you
agreed to make it. In a previous request from Bill Sheffield - Commissioner von Scheben toured the
Port of Anchorage in July.



The California Republican party is inviting the Governor to be the featured speaker at their state
convention. September 7 - 9, 2007. They are asking that the speech take place at one of the meal
functions which draws the largest attendance. Dinner Fri., Sat., Lunch Saturday, Sunday General
Session. This is held at the Renaissance Esmeralda Resort & spa in Indian Wells, California.



A letter had come in earlier ( in your reading file) asking for the Governor and First Gentleman to
participate in the Governor and Spouses Challenge beginning Sept . 15 - Jan . 31, 2008 . Will you
both be participating in this request?



Even though September is soon upon us, we need to decide a date in December for the Juneau
Open House. This needs to be done this far in advance for preparation purposes. Last years date
was December 11. May we suggest December 10 which is a Monday and approximately 2 weeks
before Christmas.



Rep. Peggy Wilson and Rep. Bill Thomas met with Russ Kelly today. Russ just reported that the
meeting went well and they were both very happy.



Thanks, Janice




                                                   2                               ROSTON 00836




 Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
