 Unknown

  From :     Fagerstrom, Erika (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
             GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=EFAGERSTROM]
  Sent :     Friday, August 31, 2007 1:24 PM
  To:       Todd Palin
  Subject : FW: Blackberry
 Hello Todd,
 Here are the instructions to access the Governor's calendar from your BlackBerry. Let me know if you
 run into any glitches. Just remember that when you type in your password- ALT is for the numbers and
 NUM is for the capitalization.
 Have a great weekend!
 Erika



 Erika Fagerstrom
 Executive Residence Manager
 Governor's House
 State ofAlaska, Office of the Governor
 716 Calhoun Avenue, Juneau, Alaska 99801
 Phone: 907-465-3500; Fax.: 907-465-2031




 From : Clark, Kami S (GOV)
 Sent : Thursday, August 30, 2007 4:34 PM
 To: Fagerstrom, Erika (GOV)
 Subject : Blackberry

 Erika and Mr. Palin

 To access the Governor's Calendar via the Blackberry

 You need to go to the Internet Browser so from the screen with the icons use the roller ball to move to the
 Globe in the middle that only has the gold arrow going around it and the Blackberry should show Internet
 Browser.

 Select it by pressing in on your roller ball.

 Scroll down to Blackberry Bookmarks and press in on the roller ball to select.

 It should have Expand highlighted, press in on the roller ball to select.

 You should have a bookmark: httr)s://webmail.alaska.gov/exchange/GovPalin/Calendar (note the s at
 the end of https)
 If you don't you will want to create one under BlackBerry Bookmarks. I believe this was setup on your
 blackberry's so I won't write the instructions, but please let me know if you need help.

 Then a pop down menu should display push in the roller ball and select Get Link

 The Outlook Web Access authentication screen will be displayed. If it doesn't display and you receive an
 error message about scripts, etc. We need to change some settings on your Blackberry.

 Do this step if you didn't get the Outlook Web Access authentication screen:


                                                                                                   ROSTON 00837
  10/15/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
 You need to go back to the Blackberry bookmarks, press in on the roller ball, scroll down and select Options.
 Select Browser Configuration, scroll down until you see Support HTML Tables.
 From Support HTML Tables and on down you need to have a check mark next to each of them.
 If you don't press in on the roller ball, select Change Option, do that for each one and then when all of them have
 a check mark select Save Options.

 Now go back to the Blackberry Bookmarks, select the bookmark you entered and then Select Get Link, if it still
 has the message about the scripts on the page press in on the roller ball, scroll down and select Refresh.


 The Outlook Web Access authentication screen will be displayed.

 Domain\\user name: efagerstrom or tpalin
 Password: your strong email password

 Client select the Premium radio button
 Security select the Public or shared computer radio button

 Then click on the Log On button next to the password field

 When you're done viewing the calendar be sure to logout it's in the upper right hand corner with a little key icon in
 front of Log Off.




                                                                                                ROSTON 00838
 10/15/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
