Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
        From :                     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
        Sent:                      Tuesday, July 17, 2007 9:30 AM
        To:                        stevedot@alaska.net
        Subject:                   RE: Fish-and-Game


        Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
        information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
        unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
        being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
        need, suggestion, or comment.



        -----Original Message-----

        From : WebMail @gov.state . ak.us      [ mailto:WebMail@gov . state . ak.us]

        Sent : Tuesday ,   July 17,    2007 9:32 AM

        To: Governor Sarah Palin        ( GOV sponsored)

        Subject: Fish-and- Game



        Web mail from: Mr. Stephen Ostanik

        address :   Po Box 56303 North Pole AK 99705

         488-1289




        MESSAGE:

        Good Day Governor Palin,



        I am writing to ask why the Great State of Alaska has decided to use income and pit one
        class against another within the Tier 11 hunting system, Unit 13.



        My wife and I are just baffled at why Alaska is telling folks if you work hard, make a
        good living, progress with your job and life etc, you can no longer hunt where you have
        for the last thirty years.



       My Wife, Son and I all harvested our first Caribou in Unit 13 many years ago. We like
       many others have spent many days hunting, fishing berry picking, camping etc in this Unit.
       Now because we have over the years progressed within our income it is being held against
       us.




       I know that there will be some families that will qualify honestly for these permits. I
       also feel very strongly that many folks will lie about what they make as there is no way
       the state knows this information.  Along with that I know many folks that live off the
       state will get some of these permits as a reward for doing nothing with their lives but
       taking.  If I seem bitter to a point I guess I am. I would help anyone that will help




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0003241
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        themselves . But I am not a big fan of takers and there is no doubt in my mind a lot of
        takers will be taking our permits.




        I have been telling my two oldest Grandsons that they can shoot Grandma's and Grandpa's
        Caribou when old enough ( one is now ) do to the state program allowing this .  Now I have
        had to try and explain to them this might / will not happen because we make to much money.
        What kind of message is that to send to the young children in Alaska ? Do they understand
        this decision , NO they do not. They are being raised to do well in school , work hard, get
        an education etc. Should we now tell them to be slackers so they can hunt in this Great
        State of Alaska ?  In my opinion we are sending the wrong message to everyone concerned.



        Some of the other rule changes for this hunt are a bit far reaching but if a person really
        wants to hunt there they will deal with the changes . Point being why did the State open
        back up the application process . If folks did not care enough about their hunt then to
        bad for them . I believe this whole process had been nothing but a complete mess.



        My family and I fell in love with this area the first time we went there .    Our past
        memories are many .  Some very good and like anyone that uses the resources that God has
        given us some ( although good ) were tough to endure , i.e. snowstorms in June while fishing.
        My youngest calls them GREAT CAMPFIRES STORIES .   It seems the State is working to keep our
        future memories to a minimum.



        I ask you to think what it would be like for the State to shut you and your family out of
        your hunting area because you make to much money.



        All in all I ask you to have someone look into this process and fix it . I was told
        yesterday that the Unit 13 Teir 11 process will not be looked at again till 2010 . That is
        unacceptable and needs to be changed . IMO no one earnings class should be given advantage
        over another.



        Thank you for your time. Anything you can do to stop this mess within our hunting systems
        will be greatly appreciated.



       Mr and Mrs Stephen F . Ostanik

       North Pole




       stevedot@alaska.net

       PLEASE ADD TO E-NEWS




                                                      2




                                                                                                 PRA GSP01 _0003242
