Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Unknown
        From:                        gov.sarah@yahoo.com
        Sent:                        Tuesday, July 17, 2007 6:51 AM
        To:                          Frye; Ivy J (GOV); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
        Subject:                     Re: Recommendation for Kenai Superior Court vacancy


        Ivy- thank you for these recos, it will be helpful in the interviews that will be
        conducted in just a matter of hours.



        We need as much lead time as possible on recos coming in for appointments that I have to
        consider. More lead time to follow up on the input we receive from good legal minds like
        Joe Miller, Bruce, WAR, etc. We can't afford to wait until the night before interviews to
        ask for recommendations. (And again, as I explained yesterday, some of the people on the
        list you used to ask for input are nice people, but they are not in legal circles and may
        have had no idea who the names were you mentioned to them.)



        So you'll need to work closer with Dan to allow him to vet names with a wide variety of
        folks, making sure we get as much feedback as possible. It's very important that you work
        closely with the people we want to tap into, and the people we're serving - as I mentioned
        re: the confidential matter of where the B and C duties should be conducted/ headquarted.

        I'm going to touch base with Kris today on making sure Dan is fully plugged in to the B
        and C duties that await. We have a number of vacancies that we can fill soon.



        Thank you for these recommendations being passed along to Tibbles and me - they'll be
        helpful.



        And pls let me know where the 40 vacancies are on B and C's that have seats expired so I
        can be thinking of candidates to fill seats. Thanks!

        Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



        -----Original Message-----

        From :   " Frye ,   Ivy J (GOV)" <ivy. frye@alaska.gov>



        Date : Tue, 17 Jul 2007 06:26:59

        To:gov . sarah@yahoo . com, "Tibbles , Michael A ( GOV)" <mike . tibbles@alaska.gov>

        Subject: Fw: Recommendation for Kenai Superior Court vacancy




       Joe Miller likes        Privileged or 9
         ------Original Message------

         From: Law Offices of Joseph Miller, LLC
                                                                  1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0003252
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          To: 'Frye, Ivy J \(GOV\)'

          Cc: spalin@mtaonline.net

          Cc: 'Ivy Frye'

          Sent : Jul 17,    2007 12:54 AM

          Subject : Recommendation for Kenai Superior Court vacancy




          Governor Palin,




         Ivy Frye contacted me yesterday on your behalf and requested my input on the Kenai
        Superior Court vacancy . I apologize for not commenting on this judgeship earlier, as I
        have familiarity with the candidates and am convinced that one of them is ( by far) the
        most qualified for this position.



     Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




                                                        2




                                                                                                  PRA GSP01 0003253
