  Unknown

  From :    Bailey, Frank T (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
            GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=FTBAILEY]
  Sent:     Friday, August 31, 2007 2:39 PM
  To:       fek9wnr@yahoo.com
  Subject : FW: ADN Alaska Politics blog, "Radio Begich"
  Her comments at the bottom.

  F


  From : Saddler, Daniel R (GOV)
  Sent: Friday, August 31, 2007 2:32 PM
  To: Bailey, Frank T (GOV)
  Subject : ADN Alaska Politics blog, "Radio Begich"

  ADN Alaska Politics blog, "Radio Begich"


  http://community.adn.com/adn/ndde/l 09996

  Dan Saddler
  Deputy Director, Boards and Commissions
  269-7447 W; 269-7461 F



   August 29, 2007 - 9:11pm I concernedlvoter

  Agree on One Point, Coot

  He does not dodge questions; he just spins, and I know the issues well enough to know that he
  only gives half the truth....the half that makes him look good. I will give him A+ on his ability to
  talk around issues.

  I did listen to the first hour, but the calls were very softball and the show was boring. He even
  brought the very arrogant side-kick of his in case things got heated.
  I have heard Julie on the 4th Avenue Theater and AWWU and other issues.... defend him but
  does not ever have the facts in hand to get into the details of an issue. If both of them know they
  are losing, like with the 4th Avenue, they refuse to go on the radio and talk about it.... like the
  "how dare you bring that up" attitude.

  Everything questionable will come out if Begich seeks higher office, and I think people will see
  thru the spin.
  There will also be a higher voter turnout because it is a Presidential and Congressional election,
  and not just the 25% people turning out for the Municipal Elections.

  If a Dem does win against Don Young, it will be Ethan. Ted will win with no problem.

  login or register to post comments »

   August 30, 2007 - 10:08am I hasquetjm

                                                                                              ROSTON 00839
  10/14/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
  very arrogant side-kick

  Concerned 1 voter,
  And you know me how? I have found when people have absolutely nothing to say and no facts to back
  them up, they start calling names.
  Julie

  login or register to post comments

   August 30, 2007 - 11:41pm I concernedlvoter

  Julie...

  This is always the way you spin it. I did not call you names.....I described you as arrogant..... nothing
  personal.

  And you know me how???..... c'mon Julie you are on the radio all the time(city time). I do not know you
  personally.

  Here are your facts.....4th Avenue Theater would cost the taxpayers nothing..... total lie.....then when the
  truth was known, you refused to talk about it on the radio.... arrogance.

  Another fact ..... AWWU....when asked how much the attorney 's fee would cost the taxpayers to sue
  ourselves ....you acted annoyed and said you did not have that figure and would get back on it .....Did you
  ever find that figure , Julie?

  Do you need more facts.....I have many more facts about why I called you arrogant, and I DO have
  something to say.

  to in or register to post comments

   August 30, 2007 - 4:18pm I AK-Logic

  Oh Julie:

  Go figure an employee of the Mayor blogging on his behalf. (On city time no less)
  JH, don't take it personal, it's just politics.

  You and the Boy Wonder are on talk radio more then Howard Stern.
 Every time you are on Fagan, Burke, 700AM, 1080AM, or KWHL you seem annoyed and often respond
 arrogantly to criticism or opinions you don't agree with.
 Here is an idea, don't go on the radio! We all know where to find you and the Mayor if we need to get
 your two cents worth on an issue; or as your boy Ivan Moore would say: tuppence worth.

 Future prediction:

 I could see Begich taking over for Pat Sajak and hosting Wheel of Fortune (or at least the Alaskan
 version) and Julie Hasket could turn the letters.
 -According to Esquire, the Boy Wonder shouldn't waste his fashion sense in politics. Hosting a game
 show would be right up his alley.

                                                                                         ROSTON 00840
  10/14/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
  login or register to post comments

   August 30, 2007 - 5:11pm I wasillagirlz

  Ms. Has suet

  I thought you were hilarious when you blurted out that Randy Ruedrich was on the phone. You
  two got the best of him ! Left us laughing. Have a good holiday weekend.




                                                                              ROSTON 00841
  10/14/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
