Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                              Page 1 of 1



              Unknown

               From :      Frye, Ivy J (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=IJFRYE]
               Sent:       Tuesday, July 17, 2007 8:47 AM
               To:         gov .sarah@yahoo.com
               Cc:         Saddler; Daniel R (GOV)
               Subject: vacancies

             Governor Palin:

            We are near completion on our recommendations for all of these boards. In most cases we have recommendations, but we
            need to give you alternates to looks at. The recommendation sheets have the full board description and demographics
            information for you to evaluate. Per your request, here are the boards we are currently working on. We will have thorough,
            vetted, and complete recommendations for you. Dan has been a great addition. Thank you, Ivy Frye

            AIDEA, 2 seats. John Winther is up for re-appointment and we have the Mike Barry vacancy.

            PFD, 1 seat. Bill Hudson is up for re-appointment

            ANGDA, 2 seats. John Kelsey and Bob Stinson are up for re-appointment

            Alaska Alberta Bi-Lateral Council , I seat, (private industry/oil and gas). -   Privileged was mentioned as a possibility.
            Alcohol and Drug Abuse , 4 seats , (3 public members and I provider). - Privile-qed orwas mentioned, and she sent in
            application.

            Disabilities and Special Education , 8 seats, (1 special education teacher, 5 consumers, 1 advocacy rep,1 gifted education
            rep). - Christine Saddler serves on this board. Dan is very familiar with this board.

            Historical Commission , 2 seats, (1 Indigenous Ethnic Group rep, I person w/ background in
            archeology/architecture/history). Privileged or P was mentioned. Gloria O'Neill has offered several names, so has Talis
            Colberg.

            Historical Records Advisory board, 4 seats, (1 Native American Records, 1 Public, 1 Archivist, 1 Local Govt Records).
            Regional offices, Gloria O'Neill, Trefon Angasan, and some mayors have weighed in, etc.

            Mental Health Board , 2 seats, (1 attorney, 1 consumer/provider). WAR has weighed in.       Privileged or Personal Mat
            Privileged or Personal M has applied.
            Mental Health Trust Authority, 1 seat. WAR has been very helpful.

            Natural Resources Conservation Development, 2 seats, (1 NW/Arctic seat, I SW/Kenai Peninsula seat)

            Nursing , 1 seat, (1 nurse seat). I talked to Cathy Giessel she said the board needs a nurse from the Peninsula or the
            Interior.

            Prince William Sound Oil Spill Recovery Institute , 6 seats, (Alaska Native Seats, Comm Fisherman Seats, Oil and Gas
            seats).

            Water and Wastewater Works, 3 seats, (3 public seats). Privileged or        sent in an application.

            Ivy Frye
            director of boards and commissions
            office ofgovernor sarah palin
            ivy.frye@alaska.gov
            Office (907) 465-3934
            Fax (907) 465-8110




            8/24/2009

                                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01 _0003266
