Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From:                     Jackson, Karleen [/O=HSS/OU=JNU1PO/CN=DAS/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=KJACKSON]
          Sent:                     Tuesday, July 17, 2007 5:43 AM
          To:                       'locloblos@yahoo.com; Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored); Butler; Jay (HSS-CDC);
                                    Hogan; William H (HSS)
         Cc:                        Darby; Karen A (HSS); 20080515kkjackson A
         Subject :                  Re: Background Checks


         Thank you for your email to Gov Palin.  Dr.   Jay Butler has responsibility for the
         background check unit and is working to make improvements.  I



         I expect that Dr. Butler will contact you soon about the issues you have raised so you
         can better understand what to expect as work continues on the development of an
         effective background check system to proctect vulnerable Alaskans.



         Karleen



         -----Original Message-----

         From: Mario Scialabba <locloblos@yahoo.com>

         To: governor@alaska.gov <governor@alaska.gov>

         CC: karen..darby@alaska.gov <karen.darby@alaska.gov>; karleen.jackson@alaska.gov
         <karleen.jackson@alaska.gov>

         Sent: Mon Jul 16 12:18:21 2007

         Subject: Background Checks



         Dear Governor Palin




         I want you to know that all during the process of the new Background Checks there have
         been struggles, but now the struggles have become unbearable.



        However , first I want you to know that I must apologize to Mark Jarvey who works for the
        Background Check Unit. I have hounded, harassed , scolded and have been generally
        unpleasant toward him and the Background Check Unit .  Only now I have found out that he is
        not the one that I have been upset about .  Mark has on every instance taken my abuse and
        has done as I have asked and has told me that there are reasons that it has been taking a
        little longer to get the checks done. I don ' t always believe him, but he always , always
        got what I wanted to me.




        So now I would like to thank Him for all the hard work he does (and those that work for
        him) not only for me but all the PCA's and others that he has to deal with. I know we
        have asked much more than we should of him and I wanted you to know this.




                                                                1



                                                                                                           PRA GSP01 0003267
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         But now, real reason for this letter is this. I am appalled at what is going on with the
         background checks.  We have been told repeatedly that the checks take "24 to 48" hours.
         Did you know that I have applications that are over a month old and have been done yet?



         I found out when talking to a couple of the PCA's that I am not the only one, however I
         did not know that Mark was not the one to blame (although I always did). The reason I know
         that now is that I have never received any letters from Mark Jarvey. I get letters from
         Melvin Richardson and I get letters from Jana Goff, but never Mark Jarvey. I found out
         that either Melvin Richardson or Jana Goff are the ones responsible for actually getting
         the background checks done and IT'S NOT GETTING DONE.



         If these two people are responsible, what is it that makes it impossible for them to do
         their job? If they are not responsible then who is? Everybody understands delays, but a
         delay from 2 days to 32, please.



         Governor, somewhere in every management scheme there is a way to get the job done. I would
         gather from my experiences that some of the folks in the Background Check unit have either
         alternate work weeks or 4 day work weeks. I would also bet that they have taken days off
         on non-scheduled vacation time.  That is all fine and good but what about us? We can't
         take those days of because we can't hire somebody. We can't hire them unless they have
         had a background check. We can't get the check done in a timely manner. They leave or
         tell us that they no longer need the job because they found other employment because it is
         taking to long to get the check done. The, when the individuals that I have put in for
         background checks leave due to the length of time it takes to get the check done, I still
         have to pay the $25 application fee. How crazy is that. The Background Check Unit can't
         get the work done, and I still have to pay for it?



         In addition, The web-site states that if there is a delay of more than 5 days contact the
         Background Check Unit.  Fine, but how many time do I have to do that? As it turns out,
         after looking at my "In Process" cases, that would be everyday. Everyday?



         There are hundreds of services providers people being held up by this process and hundreds
         more clients that are doing without care.           I know you have worked both inside and
         outside the realm of public office and I don't believe that you have kept an employee that
         could not do the job. I don't believe that I have ever. I also know that as a state
         employee you cannot just fire them like I can.   But something must be done.



        As you can see I have CC'd the Commissioner and the Director at Public Health because I
        don't know if they have heard or understands our issues.



        As for a response, if you can, and it comes from yourself, Ms. Jackson or Mr. Butler I
        would greatly appreciate it. If you are going to let Mr. Richardson or Ms. Goff reply
        then disregard I don't need another round of political double speak from someone trying to
        explain how they can't do their job.




        I am sorry for going about this in this manner, but I also don't need to have my cases
        lost or put on back burners due to indignant repercussions. I know I speak for more than
        just myself and will send your response to other PCA and non-profits that are affected by
        this.



                                                       2



                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0003268
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         HWM

         DSDS/PCA




         Now that's room service! Choose from over 150,000 hotels

         in 45,000 destinations on Yahoo! Travel to find your fit.




                                                       3
