Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                   Page 1 of 1



              Unknown
               From:    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored ) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                        GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=GOVERNOR)
               Sent:    Tuesday, July 17, 2007 10:00 AM
               To:      Cayce; Sunny C (GOV)
               Subject: FW: Ethics and the Civil Air Patrol




            From: George & Lyn Campbell [mailto:outback@alaska.net]
            Sent: Monday, July 16, 2007 9:10 PM
            To: Palin, Sarah H (GOV); Palin, Sarah H (GOV)
            Subject: Ethics and the Civil Air Patrol


             Dear Governor Palin,

            Having had no success in addressing my concerns through the proper CAP channels , I am attaching a letter
            written to Connie McKenzie with the congressional delegation in Juneau . I am hoping your office will also look
            into the CAP actions, both local and commands, and help sort out what appears to be multiple misuses of CAP
            resources.

            I am willing to submit names of people I have referred to but not specified if needed . My hope is to not increase
            their exposure by naming them in the letter, please have someone that will keep their names confidential contact
            me for them.

            Thank you for your time in this matter, and for looking after the state.

            George Campbell
            Juneau Alaska

            P.S. This spring I drove by the mansion and saw a trampoline with children in the yard , and a muddy silver truck
            with big tires in the drive . About time we were blessed with people from real lives.




            8/27/2009
                                                                                                                   PRA GSPO1 _0003273
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


               Cowater Alaska, Inc.                                                                                         Page 1 of 2


               Unknown

               From:       Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
               Sent:       Wednesday, July 18, 2007 8:17 AM
               To:         cowater@gci.net
              Subject: RE: Kicking the Honeybucket in Nunapitchuk!
              Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or information you
              have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is unable to respond to each and
              every email herself, your message has been received and is being reviewed by the appropriate staff
              person in this office who can best address your need, suggestion , or comment.


              From: Cowater Alaska Inc. [mailto:Cowater@gci.net]
              Sent: Tuesday, July 17, 2007 5:22 PM
              To: Palin, Sarah H (GOV)
              Cc: Parnell, Sean R (GOV); Parnell, Sean R (GOV)
              Subject: Kicking the Honeybucket in Nunapitchuk!

              Dear Governor Palin:

              This e-mail is a follow-up to the invitation sent to you by the City of Nunapitchuk a few days ago to
              celebrate the elimination of the "honeybucket" from the community. Please see the invitation below.

              We would be very honored if you were able to attend this occasion. If you are not able to attend
              personally, we would welcome a representative on your behalf.

              Sincerely,

              Mark Baron
              President
              Cowater Alaska Inc.



                  Mark Your
                  Calendars!

                 Door Prizes

                       Food                               The City of Nunapitchuk                                     H
                                                                    and
                       Fun!                                 Cowater Alaska Inc.
                                                 invite you to join us for a celebration of
                                                              sx:




                                                   Please join us for the celebration and
                                                         ribbon cutting ceremony.
                                                          Thursday, July 26, 2007

                                                            Time    What




              11/13/2009

                                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0003274
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


              Cowater Alaska, Inc.                                                                              Page 2 of 2


                                               10:00 - 12:30 Tours

                                                       1:00 Program
                                                       2:30 Refreshments & Door Prizesl


                                     Nunapitchuk has made great strides to improve water and
                                     sewer service in the village since 1993 /94 when the first Flush
                                     Tank and Haul ® units were installed . Today, the
                                     honeybucket is virtually eliminated and numerous other
                                     projects are complete.

                                     Thank you to the State of Alaska's Village Safe Water, the
                                     Environmental Protection Agency, the United States
                                     Department of Agriculture Rural Development and Cowater
                                     Alaska for helping Nunapitchuk make these remarkable
                                     improvements.




              11/13/2009

                                                                                                             PRA GSP01 0003275
