Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From :                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
         Sent:                     Wednesday, July 18, 2007 8:38 AM
         To:                       raven@mtaonline.net
         Subject:                  RE: Fish-and-Game


         Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
         information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
         unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
         being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
         need, suggestion, or comment.



         -----Original Message-----

         From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov. state . ak.us)

         Sent: Wednesday, July 18, 2007 2:54 AM

         To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

         Subject: Fish-and-Game



         Web mail from: Mr. chris lee

         address: po box 870132 wasilla AK 99687

           907-232-5232



         MESSAGE:

         Gov. Sarah Palin



               Hello sarah would like to meet you personally some day . I am a freind of Vickie
         Clark who works with the irondog race every year. My wife is Charla Nelson (maiden name)
         nickname Char . She says you grew up together in wasilla. Well heres what my problem is
         ... FISH&GAME is out of touch with themselfes, I am a avid hunter since 1967 when we moved
         here . Ever since we moved here hunting was taught to me when i was just a kid. Ive been
         mainly hunting caribou in the lake louise area since i was 10 years old, (40 years total).
         Guess what !l this is the first year the game board did not give me a permit to hunt tier
         II . This came to a blow to me hunting to me is not a subsintance issue but a way of life
           my passion , never broke the rules , always assisted troppers in the field finding bad
         hunters . What am i supposed to do? clearly someone is way out of touch at game
         headquarters. How could this happen? Would you clean house at fish&game like you did at
         mat maid, that wa!

         s awesome . I would like the chance to be on this board , its clear its very messed up . I
         think i have a lot of good ideas on how to fix this hunt. But this year i just stay home
         and watch the young & poor hunt. You would not believe the people who got the permits this
         year, my step daughter never hunted b4 got one my son got one . this really burns me up
         where they got these ideas without any public input . Please try to fix this problem if
         you have time, i know you are very busy, char tells me your parents hunt this hunt did
         they get permits? Thanks for the great job you are doing thusfar. My dream is open anwr,
         get a gas line, open the pebble mine project, and leave the loggers alone in the tongas
         What a dream huh! Alaska is vast place and needs to be developed in a environmently safe
         conditition . I vote work and applaud anyone who kicks a tree hugger in the butt . Thanks
                                                                1




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0003276
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Yours truly Chris Lee



          raven@mtaonline.net

          PLEASE ADD TO E-NEWS




                                                        2




                                                                                                   PRA_GSPO1_0003277
