Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From :                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.govj
         Sent :                    Wednesday, July 18, 2007 1:25 PM
         To:                       culture@kawerak.org
         Subject :                 RE: Rural/Native


         Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
         information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
         unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
         being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
         need, suggestion, or comment.



         -----Original Message-----

         From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

         Sent: Wednesday, July 18, 2007 1:18 PM

         To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

         Subject: Rural/Native



         Web mail from: Ms. Kaci Fullwood

         address: PO Box 948 Nome AK 99762

          907.443.4340



         MESSAGE:

         Dear Sarah, Friend of Beringia!




         The Beringia Museum of Culture and Science Project, led by Kawerak, Inc. is making great
         strides towards the reality of a state-of-the-art cultural facility here in Nome, Alaska!




         July 9 & 10 kicked off our first session of three 10* Design Workshops , with architects,
         an exhibit designer, and about thirty residents and representatives of local organizations
         who came together to visualize their hopes and dreams for a new museum.




        We are happy to announce we have also just completed a Business Plan for the planned
        facility.  This plan is the results of 16 months of intensive research and meetings to
                                                                1




                                                                                                          P RA_G S P01 0003293
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         determine the scope and size of the Beringia Museum . Agnew :: Beck Consulting of Anchorage
         facilitated the development of this comprehensive plan, and I am proud to say the results
         are impressive . I will be happy to share this document with you upon request.




         I hope you will consider joining us in Nome , at the Old St. Joe's Hall July 30, 1OA-4P for
         the next 10% Design work session , when we will review the facility concept designs that
         the architects from Charles Bettisworth & Co will present for our review and
         recommendations . Our final 10% Design work session will be August 21, same time and
         location.  Please become a part of this dynamic process to visualize the design of this
         exciting new museum facility.



         Your support of this important regional facility is vital to the project' s successful
         realization.  I hope you will consider becoming an advocate for this cultual and
         scientific initiative.




         I would welcome the opportunity to discuss the Beringia museum project with you at your
         convenience.




         Thank you for your time and consideration.




         Respectfully,




         Kaci Fullwood ,    Project Director



         Beringia Museum of Culture & Science



         Kawerak, INC



         PO Box 948



                                                         2




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0003294
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Nome , AK 99762



         907.443.4340 T



         907.443.4452 F




         culture@kawerak.org

         PLEASE ADD TO E-NEWS




                                                       3
