Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                            Page 1 of I



             Unknown

              From:     Mason, Janice L (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                        GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=JLMASON]
              Sent:     Wednesday, July 18, 2007 9:14 AM
              To:       Rutherford; Martha K (DNR); gov.sarah@yahoo.com; Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
              Cc:       Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Balash; Joseph R (GOV); Irwin; Tom E (DNR); Galvin; Patrick S (DOR)
              Subject: RE: Sr. Executives from Williams Pipeline & Midstream asking to meet with you, Comm's Irwin, Galvin &
                       Marty R

            Marty - The Governor will be out of state on those dates and unavailable . Please advise if they have a different date
            that we may be able to look at. The Governor will be in Anchorage on July 30 and 31st - this is depending on
            availability of schedule.

           As I have taken on the position of scheduling for the Governor, please include me in any scheduling requests. Thank
           you,

            Janice Mason
            Scheduler/Executive Secretary
            Office of Governor Sarah Palin
            (907) 465-3986
            (907) 465-3889 (fax)


           From: Balash, Joseph R (GOV)
           Sent: Wednesday, July 18, 2007 8:47 AM
           To: Mason, Janice L (GOV)
           Subject: FW: Sr. Executives from Williams Pipeline & Midstream asking to meet with you, Comm's Irwin, Galvin &
           Marty R

           FYI


           From : Rutherford, Martha K (DNR)
           Sent: Wednesday, July 18, 2007 8:45 AM
           To: gov.sarah@yahoo.com
           Cc: Irwin, Tom E (DNR); Galvin, Patrick S (DOR); Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Balash, Joseph R (GOV)
           Subject: Sr. Executives from Williams Pipeline & Midstream asking to meet with you, Comm's Irwin, Galvin & Marty R

           Governor,
           I just received a call from Williams Energy Company . Senior Executives from Williams (see list below) are asking to
           meet with you , Commissioner Irwin, Commissioner Galvin and me here in Anchorage , either Monday afternoon, July
           23rd, or Tuesday morning , July 24th for 30 minutes. Williams Energy Company previously owned the refinery in
           Fairbanks , which is now owned by Flinthills. Williams is an energy company and their portfolio includes pipelines and
           other midstream assets. They are very interesting in participating in AGIA and therefore I would like to accommodate
           their request if possible . If you are not available I am sure the Commissioner's and I could meet with them , but it will not
           have the same impact . Furthermore, I am sure that if you could not accommodate these times , they would try to
           respond to your availability.

           The Williams attendees would be:
           Phil Wright, President Williams Gas Pipelines & Sr. Vice-President Williams Energy Co.
           Alan Armstrong , President Williams Midstream & Sr. Vice-President Williams Energy Co.
           Tim Penton, Vice-President Williams International

           Please advise how you would like to handle this request.
           Thanks,
           Marty




           8/25/2009

                                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01 _0003304
