Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From :                     Irwin, Tom E (DNR) [tom.irwin@alaska.gov]
         Sent:                      Thursday, July 19, 2007 5:26 PM
         To:                        gov.sarah@yahoo.com
         Subject:                   RE: Ppt


         Governor,     you should have a draft PPT schedule from Pat tonight for your review :)



         Mark Myers was very positive about your interest in the climate change issues. He agrees
         that your involvement / leadership would be significant. He said that if you could
         schedule a half day in Alaska or DC he would provide several experts to give you a
         complete overview of the issues.



         Just received three names from Kristan, BAC. rPrivileaed or Personal Material Redacted
         Privileged or Person    We are already starting to schedule interviews.




          Busy but good day. Tom



         -----Original Message-----

         From: "gov.sarah@yahoo.com" <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

         To. "Tom Irwin" <tom.irwin@alaska.gov>

         Cc: "Kristina Y Perry" <kris_perry@gov.state.ak.us>

         Sent :   7/19/07 3:32 PM

         Subject: Ppt



         Excellent. Thanks so much. Odd to have to admit it - but I agree with both Doogan and
         ADN's article asking me to ask legislators to have to vote again. As long as Pat and Mark,
         et al, know where we need to head - then I trust that DOR will have info to consider,
         soon, so the sp session call can be made soon.

         ------Original Message------

         From: Tom Irwin

         To: Governor Sarah Palin

         Sent: Jul 19, 2007 3:01 PM

         Subject:



         I know you are concerned with PPT and would want a status report. You should know that
         right now Pat and Joe are on the phone from Juneau with Marty, Mark Myers and me in
         Anchorage.  Since Mark was in town and I always think you want the best on a priority
         issue he agreed to participate.   Discussions are complicated but proceeding well. Will
         keep you up to date. Tom


                                                                  1




                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0003319
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Sent from my B1ackBerry® device from Cellular One




                                                        2
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


            Gov Del                                                                                              Page 1 of 2


             Unknown

             From :    Leighow, Sharon W (GOV) [sharon. leighow@alaska.gov]
             Sent :    Friday, July 20, 2007 10:05 AM
             To:       Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); gov. sarah@yahoo.com
             Subject: Kuwait trip
            Kris,

            I have been working with Pentagon 's media folks on this . This is an easy one . The purpose
            of the trip is to visit and show support for our Alaska - based troops serving in the Middle
            East . There will be a cameraman and a still photographer with the Governor as she tours
            various camps and dines with the troops . They have set up a satellite feed on Tuesday. It
            will feed at 7 : 30 a.m . Alaska Time - 7 : 30 p.m. Kuwait time. This is an opportunity for the
            three local television stations to talk with the Governor about her trip. The Pentagon will
            also feed the video footage shot earlier in the day . The Pentagon is very adamant about the
            Governor NOT disclosing where she is; only saying she is in Kuwait. The Governor will be
            briefed on all of this Monday.

            The message is simple - something like this : Our men and women are doing a fantastic
            job over here . Seeing first hand the work they do makes me even more proud to be an
            American. These soldiers are prepared , professionals doing a great job supporting the
            mission . I was able to spend time with our troops - I had dinner/lunch with members of the
            XXX battalion ( they haven 't told me the units yet) after I toured several camps and motor
            pools. I know folks back home in Alaska share my pride in these fine soldiers.

            I would suggest the Governor actually name the units she spent time with so the families
            back home can share her sense of pride.

            I will pass along more info as I get itl




            Sharon Leighow
            Deputy Press Secretary
            Deputy Communications Director

            465-4031 Juneau
            269-7450 Anchorage
            240-7943 cell



            From : Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)
            Sent: Friday, July 20, 2007 9:39 AM
            To: Wilmot, Dan Mr OSD LA; Katz, John W (GOV)
            Cc: grwheeler blackberry; Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)
            Subject: RE: Gov Del

            Thanks Dan . Some additional questions:

            1) What is the flight time?
            2) What specific activities will she be doing while there?
            3) Any other details you think would be helpful for her.

            Sharon , are you working with their press people on this? We need to make sure that we have sound
            bytes prepared for the Governor on this, i.e. the purpose of the trip, etc.


            11/13/2009

                                                                                                                PRA_GSP01 _0003321
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


             Gov Del                                                                                                Page 2 of 2



             Thanks,
             Kris


             From : Wilmot, Dan Mr OSD LA [mailto:Dan.Wilmot@osd.mil]
             Sent: Fri 7/20/2007 5:43 AM
             To: Katz, John W (GOV); Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)
             Cc: grwheeler blackberry; Perry, Kristina Y (GOV); Wilmot, Dan Mr OSD LA
             Subject: Gov Del


             John/Gary,

             We have pushed back the arrival time for the Governor on Monday, 23
             July, 2007 at the Mall entrance of the Pentagon. Please have her arrive
             at 10:00 am. She will receive a schedule brief, a classified Ops/Intel
             and then meet briefly with Sec Def and Chairman Pace (and probably a
             couple others). Attire is Business and she will be able to change into
             casual attire on the plane. Once we land we will hit the ground running
             so she should have her "rugged casual" attire available to change into
             on the plane.

            Arrival back to Andrews is still scheduled for 3:00 pm on the Thursday,
            26 July, 2007.

            Let me know if you have any questions.

            Thanks,

            Dan Wilmot
            Intergovernmental Affairs/Homeland Defense
            OSD-LA
            (703) 692-3264 wk
            (703) 489-3361 cell




             11/13/2009

                                                                                                                   PRA_GSP01_0003322
