Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From :                    Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored) [govpalin@alaska.gov]
          Sent:                     Friday, July 20, 2007 6:33 PM
          To:                       Lloyd; Denby S (DFG)
          Cc:                       Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Nizich ; Michael A (GOV); 'Talis.Colberg@ law.state . ak.us'
          Subject:                  Re: Short summary of judge's order re Unit 13 Tier II scoring


          Thank you, be I do want to consider our next step. I am very opposed to the bd's decision
          to, essentially, make that hunt a "welfare" hunt - and I hear much objection to their
          decisions all along the highway cooridor in SouthCentral AK. I agree with Alaskans who say
          this is no way to choose who gets to hunt where.



          Thanks



          ----- Original Message -----

          From: Lloyd, Denby S (DFG)

          To: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

          Cc: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Nizich, Michael A (GOV); 'Talis Colberg'
          <Talis.Colberg@law.state.ak.us>

          Sent: Fri Jul 20 18:30:23 2007

          Subject: RE: Short summary of judge's order re Unit 13 Tier II scoring



          Governor:




         I neglected to mention that, until we hear from you, we will respond to press and public
         inquiries to the effect that we are reviewing the judge's order, considering our options,
         and conferring with the Department of Law. We will not commit ourselves to any particular
         course of action for the time being.




         DL.




                                                                   1




                                                                                                                 PRA GSP01_0003327
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Denby S. Lloyd



          Commissioner



          Alaska Department of Fish and Game



          P.O. Box 115526



          Juneau, AK 99811-5526



          907-465-4719




          From: Lloyd, Denby S (DFG)

          Sent: Friday, July 20, 2007 6:20 PM

          To: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

          Cc: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Nizich, Michael A (GOV); 'Talis Colberg'

          Subject: FW: Short summary of judge's order re Unit 13 Tier II scoring




         Governor:




         Today a state court judge ruled against the State of Alaska on a portion of the
         application scoring regulations for the Nelchina (Unit 13) moose and caribou Tier II
         subsistence hunt permits.   Director Robus's summary below characterizes the judge's
         decision , as well as the options that face us.



                                                         2



                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0003328
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




         Thanks, DL.




        Denby S. Lloyd



        Commissioner

                                                           3




                                                                                                      PRA_GSPOI_0003329
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Alaska Department of Fish and Game



         P.O. Box 115526



         Juneau , AK 99811-5526



         907-465-4719




         From : Robus , Matthew H (DFG)

         Sent : Friday , July 20,     2007 5:42 PM

         To: Lloyd, Denby S (DFG)

         Cc: Saxby ,   Kevin M   ( LAW); Titus ,   Kimberly (DFG)

         Subject : Short summary of judge's order re Unit 13 Tier II scoring




         This afternoon , Judge Jack Smith issued an injunction negating two aspects of the new
         Board of Game regulations ( adopted at the March 07 meeting ) controlling Tier II
         subsistence permit scoring for Unit 13.




        1)       The judge ruled that the income cap for Unit 13 Tier II applications was valid,
        but overturned the part of the reg that caused the whole application to be scored at "0"
        if a person received a "0" score for that question because their household exceeded the
        income cap .  Judge Smith stated that the person should be given the other points from
        other questions on the application .  This largely reinstates the importance of a person's
        answers to the "how many years have you hunted or eaten from this population " part of the
        application , which had made the Unit 13 hunts primarily longevity - based in the past. This
        was a feature that the BOG had expressly tried to change in writing the new regulation.
        The judge ordered the department to re-score the existing applicant pools for Unit 13 Tier
        II hunts using this approach .  We project that the effect of this will be to allow a net
        increase in the number of Anchorage area applicants to participate in the hunts.     The
                                                               4




                                                                                                          PRA_GSP01 _0003330
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          judge did not change the number of permits to be issued, so the increase in Anchorage
          hunters will take permits away from other communities. Notably, the judge refused to rule
          on the other way an application can be zeroed out-if the questions regarding customary
          use of the Tier II population are scored "0". So he overturned one half of the pertinent
          regulation but not the other, leading to questions of fairness.



          2)       Judge Smith also ruled against the use of the superexclusivity part of the new
          regulation, which prohibited Unit 13 Tier II permittees from hunting the same species
          elsewhere in the state during the same year. Apparently he felt this was unfairly applied
          to only one game management unit in the state, although the BOG enacted the provision to
          try to persuade people without a strong personal Unit 13 hunting history not to apply for
          a Unit 13 subsistence hunt.




        Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




         The Division of Wildlife Conservation is working on re-scoring the existing applicant pool
         according to Judge Smith's order, and expects to be ready to publish the list and
         print/send permits out by the end of next week    Prvileaed or Personal Material Redacted
        Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




         In the meantime, DWC is publishing a news release (and has put onto our website) that
         tells the currently-published permittee list for Unit 13 Tier II permits that their
         permits are not valid pending resolution of the legal issues. We expect a large number of
         calls to our offices over the next week as current and potential permittees try to find
         out their status.




         Contact me at 321-0660 or via reply email if questions.




        MHR


                                                            5




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0003331
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Matt Robus, Director



          Division of Wildlife Conservation



          Alaska Department of Fish & Game



          (907) 465-4190




                                                        6
