Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
         From :                     Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored) [govpalin@alaska.gov]
         Sent :                     Friday, July 20, 2007 4:06 PM
         To:                        Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
          Cc:                       Galvin; Patrick S (DOR); Irwin; Tom E (DNR); Rutherford; Martha K (DNR); Leighow; Sharon
                                    W (GOV); Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Balash; Joseph R (GOV); Stapleton; Meghan N (GOV)
         Subject:                   Re: Gara


         Love ya guys! I do - and am very, very thankful for you. Thanks for working hard on ppt
         and EVERYTHING else. Thank you sincerely, and sorry if I sound grumpy on this issue. I
         just know we're right - and you all deserve to get to lead on this, to lead Alaska to
         what's rightfully ours - which is a prosperous and healthy future.



          ----- original Message -----

         From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

         To: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)

         Cc: Galvin, Patrick S (DOR); Irwin, Tom E (DNR); Rutherford, Martha K (DNR); Leighow,
         Sharon W (GOV); Perry, Kristina Y (GOV ); Balash , Joseph R (GOV); Stapleton, Meghan N (GOV)

         Sent: Fri Jul 20 14:10:33 2007

         Subject: Gara



         Mike - did Bitney ever write the letter in reponse to those writing to our office, telling
         us to call the special session - and then the response to Speaker Harris' letter asking
         the same? With new "demands" coming from some legislators and speculation from so many
         now - it sounds like those responses never made it to approriate persons (ie the
         Legislators).



         I have leggier patiently (but losing patience) asking me "when" - I keep telling them it
         still should be in October.



         If those letters weren't written, we need to do so now. Telling them what the plan is.
         It's only fair to them (and the public) to let them make their plans that month. They'll
         also need this time to be doing their own research on ppt. A letter to the leggies today
         let's the media/public get wind of it and it addresses the rumors and puts them to rest.



         Thanks Tibsl




                                                                  1




                                                                                                             PRA_GSPO1_0003333
