Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown

         From :                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor©alaska.gov]
         Sent:                     Friday, July 20, 2007 10:37 AM
         To:                       Mason; Janice L (GOV); Spencer; Karl L (GOV)
         Subject:                  FW: Other




         -----Original Message-----

         From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov. state .ak.us]

         Sent: Friday, July 20, 2007 10:09 AM

         To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

         Subject: Other



        Web mail from: Sherman Stebbins

        address: PO Box 461 Delta Junction AK 99737

          907-895-9873



        MESSAGE:

        Sarah Palin, First I would like to introduce myself. My name is SGT Sherman Stebbins. I am
        an Alaska National Guard member currently stationed at Camp Beuhring, Kuwait. I am a
        resident of Delta Junction, Alaska. I would very much like to thank you for vetoing all
        frivilous spending that was requested by the government of Delta Junction. Youth Rec
        center ? Paved roads ? Motorcross track ? No way !! I want to thank you from the bottom of
        my heart. The city government of Delta needs rejection and in all actuality is in need of
        an overhaul. They do not realize that the more request for monies to spend on unneeded
        projects fuels the fire for Borough formation, which is NOT needed. I was going to be
        assigned as a driver for your visit here but, my command has expressed concerns over my
        political interaction with you. I have been told I will probably not be your driver
        because of this. I thought possibly I might be able to speak to you for a few minutes as
        it may be the only chance!

         I will ever have. I do desire to serve in politics in my community when I return home. I
        do believe Delta Junction is in need of some new insight on what is good for the people in
        a small community. Weather is a balmy 120 degrees here on a daily basis with the
        occasional dust storm. Wear loose clothing and bring some goggles to keep the dust out of
        your eyes. It would be nice to have a few words with you while you are here. Sincerely,
        SGT Sherman Stebbins



        ssalaska33 @yahoo.com




                                                                1




                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0003353
