Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                       Page 1 of 2



              Unknown

              From :      Lloyd, Denby S (DFG) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                          GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=DSLLOYD]
              Sent:       Friday, July 20, 2007 6:20 PM
              To:         Palin ; Sarah (GOV sponsored)
              Cc:         Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Nizich; Michael A (GOV); 'Talis Colberg'
              Subject: FW: Short summary of judge's order re Unit 13 Tier II scoring

            Governor:
            Today a state court judge ruled against the State of Alaska on a portion of the application scoring regulations for
            the Nelchina (Unit 13) moose and caribou Tier II subsistence hunt permits . Director Robus's summary below
            characterizes the judge 's decision , as well as the options that face us.
           Privileged or Personal Material Redacted                                                                                  1




            Thanks, DL.


            Denby S. Lloyd
            Commissioner
            Alaska Department of Fish and Game
            P.O. Box 115526
            Juneau, AK 99811-5526
            907-465-4719




            From: Robus, Matthew H (DFG)
            Sent: Friday, July 20, 2007 5:42 PM
            To: Lloyd, Denby S (DFG)
            Cc: Saxby, Kevin M (LAW); Titus, Kimberly (DFG)
            Subject: Short summary of judge's order re Unit 13 Tier II scoring

            This afternoon , Judge Jack Smith issued an injunction negating two aspects of the new Board of Game
            regulations (adopted at the March 07 meeting) controlling Tier II subsistence permit scoring for Unit 13.

                 1)    The judge ruled that the income cap for Unit 13 Tier II applications was valid , but overturned the part of
                      the reg that caused the whole application to be scored at "0" if a person received a "0" score for that
                      question because their household exceeded the income cap. Judge Smith stated that the person should



            8/26/2009
                                                                                                                        PRA_GSP01_0003355
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                       Page 2 of 2


               be given the other points from other questions on the application. This largely reinstates the importance of a
                   person's answers to the "how many years have you hunted or eaten from this population" part of the
                   application , which had made the Unit 13 hunts primarily longevity -based in the past. This was a feature
                   that the BOG had expressly tried to change in writing the new regulation . The judge ordered the
                   department to re-score the existing applicant pools for Unit 13 Tier lI hunts using this approach. We
                   project that the effect of this will be to allow a net increase in the number of Anchorage area applicants to
                   participate in the hunts. The judge did not change the number of permits to be issued , so the increase in
                   Anchorage hunters will take permits away from other communities . Notably , the judge refused to rule on
                   the other way an application can be zeroed out-if the questions regarding customary use of the Tier II
                   population are scored V. So he overturned one half of the pertinent regulation but not the other, leading
                   to questions of fairness.
               2)    Judge Smith also ruled against the use of the superexciusivity part of the new regulation, which
                    prohibited Unit 13 Tier II permittees from hunting the same species elsewhere in the state during the
                    same year. Apparently he felt this was unfairly applied to only one game management unit in the state,
                    although the BOG enacted the provision to try to persuade people without a strong personal Unit 13
                    hunting history not to apply for a Unit 13 subsistence hunt.

         Privileged or Personal Material Redacted



           The Division of Wildlife Conservation is working on re-scoring the existing applicant pool according to Judge
           Smith's order, and expects to be ready to publish the list and print/send permits out by the end of next week.
           Privileged or Personal Material Redacted


           In the meantime , DWC is publishing a news release (and has put onto our website ) that tells the currently-
           published permittee list for Unit 13 Tier II permits that their permits are not valid pending resolution of the legal
           issues. We expect a large number of calls to our offices over the next week as current and potential permittees
           try to find out their status.

           Contact me at 321 -0660 or via reply email if questions.

           MHR


           Matt Robus , Director
           Division of Wildlife Conservation
           Alaska Department of Fish & Game
           (907) 465-4190




           8/26/2009

                                                                                                                       PRA GSP01 0003356
