Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Unknown
        From :                    Frye, Ivy J (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                  GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=IJFRYE]
        Sent:                     Saturday, July 21, 2007 3:27 PM
        To:                       'gov.sarah@yahoo.com'; Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
        Subject:                  Fw: Violation for Jeremiah Campbell


        Here is another email from cora, derby, and board of fish e.d. Jim marcotte that explains
        the violation and all of their opinions on the matter for your review governor.



        ----- Original message -----

        From: Crome, Cora J (GOV)

        To: Frye, Ivy J (GOV)

        Sent :   Sat Jul 21 15:14:44 2007

        Subject: Fw: Violation for Jeremiah Campbell



        Ivy,

       You might have this already, but here is Jeremiah's explanation of the situation. He was
       appointed by Murkowski in 05 to a one year term, then reappointed to a 3 year term in
       2006, so his term is up June 30, 2009. He and Trevor McCabe are business partners in
       Alaska Northern Outfitters (his guide business) along with his brother Ezra. Cook Inlet
       commercial fishermen sent a letter asking the governor to remove him due to the violation.
       I specifically asked Jeremiah when we spoke if he had other violations or whether anything
       else might be forthcoming and he assured me that he does not.         °dor F  onai material Rea
       Privilened or Personal Material Redacted              Let me know i the Governor wants any
       more into.

        Cora



        ----- Original Message -----

       From: Crome, Cora J (GOV)

       To: Sharon Leighow <Sharon_leighow@gov. state . ak.us>

       Sent :    Fri Jul 13 16:53:45 2007

       Subject: FW: Violation for Jeremiah Campbell



       Sharon,



       Jeremiah's explanation of the situation is attached.



       Cora



                                                               1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0003360
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        From: Marcotte ,      Jim R (DFG)

        Sent :   Friday ,   June 29 ,    2007 2:23 PM

        To: Crome ,    Cora J (GOV)

        Cc: Alaska Northern

        Subject : FW: Violation for Jeremiah Campbell




        Hi Cora,



        Jeremiah asked me to make sure you had the background on this .  Attached is Jeremiah's
        letter of explanation , and below are email notes from Denby and from me.




        Jim




        From: Lloyd, Denby S (DFG)

        Sent: Thursday ,     June 21 ,     2007 4:08 PM

       To: Nizich ,    Michael A        ( GOV); Tibbles ,   Michael A (GOV)

       Cc: Frye ,    Ivy J   ( GOV); Marcotte ,     Jim R (DFG); Bitney ,       John W (GOV)

       Subject :    FW: Violation for Jeremiah Campbell




       Mike(s):




                                                                   2




                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0003361
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        FYI, Board of Fisheries member Jeremiah Campbell has earned a fish and game violation;
        please see below.




      Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




        DL.




        From: Marcotte , Jim R (DFG)

        Sent : Thursday ,   June 21 ,   2007 3:51 PM

        To: Lloyd , Denby S (DFG)

        Subject : Violation for Jeremiah Campbell




       Denby,



       Attached is the background information provided by Board of Fisheries member Jeremiah
       Campbell on his transporter services violation .     The citation was for violating 5 AAC
       12.75 . 400(c )( 4) Transporter Activity Report, which was a misdemeanor . At his court
       appearance yesterday he pleaded no contest and was fined $ 500 with $250 suspended.




       The error on his part was incorrectly filling out the required transporter activity
       report . There was a change in the regulation requiring signature of the actual person
       providing the transportation , but the reporting form had not been changed . He had filled
       the form out as he had done in the past as a representative of the company he owns with
       his brother , but he was not aware of the change in the regulation since it was not
       reflected on the form.
                                                              3




                                                                                                         PRA_GSPO1_0003362
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




     Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




        Jim




                                                       4




                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0003363
