Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Unknown
         From :                    Frye, Ivy J (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                   GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=IJFRYE]
        Sent:                      Saturday, July 21, 2007 11:00 AM
        To:                        'govpalin@alaska.gov'
        Cc:                        Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Nizich; Michael A (GOV); Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
        Subject :                  Re: Jeremiah Campbell


        Jeremiah was cited for a violation involving his big game transporting business. He pled
        no contest and paid a 150 fine. In an email from cora, she says that the troopers were
        investigating jeremiah's brother, ezra, for having a client kill 2 black bears in 1
        regulatory year. Ezra thought the 1 bear limit was for a calendar year, not per regulatory
        year. Ezra guided a client who shot a bear in july 2005 and may 2006. This is a violation
        because the regulatory year runs from july 1, 2005 to june 30, 2006.



        During the investigation, troopers found that jeremiah had signed a hunt record for a hunt
        where ezra provided the transportation. Regulations require that the person providing
        transportation be the one to sign the report. troopers indicated via cora that jeremiah
        cooperated fully with the investigation and didn't lie or hide the matter. Colonel folger
        said this is a minor violation. Cora says it's not the type of violation that "merits
        automatic removal.". Bob tcacz has contacted cora about this matter. Jeremiah was
        appointed under murkowski and is sport fisherman from seward. I believe he has 1 or 2 yrs
        left in his term. We can compile a list of candidates if you want somw options. We have a
        few good names from last time and we've received more apps also. I will stand by before I
        do anything.

        Thanks



         ----- Original Message -----

        From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

        To: Frye, Ivy J (GOV)

        Cc: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Nizich, Michael A (GOV); Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

        Sent: Sat Jul 21 08:22:43 2007

        Subject: Jeremiah Campbell



        Ivy: After    being asked about him by a reporter the other day, I need to know what was his
        recent law    violation? How long has he been on fish bds (or any game advisory bds) - and
        what's the    status of this board member's violation? Anything you know about his
        background    - like has he had tickets or ethics violations in the past?




                                                                  1




                                                                                                                PRA GSP01_0003375
