Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Unknown
        From:                      Tibbles, Michael A (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                   GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=MATIBBLES]
        Sent:                      Sunday, July 22, 2007 10:05 AM
        To:                        'govpalin@alaska.gov'
        Subject:                   Re: Ivy/Nelchina, etc.


        I did receive the emails regarding the board's regulations. I did not respond but I have
        been talking to Denby and Todd on the phone. From the emails and phone conversations, it
        appears as all involved know where we are.


       Privileged or Personal Material Redacted

       Privileged or   I will get a better understanding of the legal issues tomorrow.



      Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




        I am scheduled to go to Fairbanks tuesday to meet with Hamilton and Therriault and I would
        like to go see the pipeline training center. I have also RSVP'd for the Pruhoe trip with
        PNWR folks.   I would probably need to stay in Anch wed for the thurs trip and not get back
        until fri.  I am rethinking this because I am not sure I need to be out of the office that
        much this week.



        Let me know if there is anything I can do regarding the resource committee.



        Mike



        ----- Original Message -----

        From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

        To: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)

        Cc: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

        Sent: Sun Jul 22 08:04:58 2007
                                                              1




                                                                                                         PRA GSP01_0003389
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Subject: Ivy/Nelchina, etc.




        Hi Mike - the one committee I'm on (Nat Resources, which I'm trying to be elected as vice
        chair under Bill Richardson ) doesnt meet until this afternoon, and unfortunately Security
        can't get a later flt to DC to allow me to attend the committee mtg this aft . I dont have
        to be at the Pentagon until tomorrow at 10am .  Kris is tracking down Chairman Huntsman to
        explain that I tried to rearrange sched to get there anyway.



        Also , did u get the string of emails re : Nelchina herd? I didn ' t hear from you on it, but
        heard from Denby and Talis . I want to make sure all are on the same pg there , so want to
        make sure you received the emails I've sent on the court ruling.



      Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




       Hope you've having a good weekend . I'm already anxious to get back to AK as I feel like
       I'm missing out on too much . Sean sent a email re : Begich being " everywhere " and catering
       to those who are affected by our necessary budget vetos . I think I'll email him back and
       say I wish I could be in two places at once - there ' s no way I can get out and about as
       much as Mark does tho - and he has a smaller area he has to cover anyway.




                                                        2




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0003390
