Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                  Page 1 of 3


             Unknown

             From :    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
             Sent:     Monday, July 23, 2007 1:39 PM
             To:       Castle; Lillian K (GOV); Spencer; Kari L (GOV)
             Subject: FW: Continuing education update




             From : Richard Burg [mailto:arcadia@gci.net]
             Sent: Monday, July 23, 2007 12:46 PM
             To: Richard Burg
             Subject: Continuing education update

             To All:

             Since the comments were distributed, we have been working closely with the Department of
             Commerce (Ginger Morton), the AELS Board (Bo Brownfield), Alaska Office of Management
             & Budget Director (Karen Rehfeld), the Legislative Auditor (Pat Davidson), Representative
             Lindsey Holmes, and many others to get the comments and to piece together the attached
             timeline. Below are some thoughts on this subject. According to the tentative agenda, the Board
             appears to be moving toward adopting mandatory CE at the next meeting.

            The comments link is www.4share.com, the email address is cecomments@yahoo.com and the
            password is cecomments.

            The following documents are attached: 1) The June 05 report prepared by the Board's subgroup
            in response to Commissioner Blatchford's 2004 commitment (see link below), that rushed right
            through the analysis and concluded that mandatory CE was necessary; 2) The Continuing
            Education timeline that was prepared mostly to allow officials to more quickly understand the
            evolution of this issue; and 3) The tentative agenda for the upcoming Board meeting.

            Your input is welcome.



            MANDATORY CONTINUING EDUCATION

            There are several issues that were accurately and concisely identified, in Alaska Department of
            Commerce & Economic Development (DCED) Commissioner Blatchford's 2004 letter attached
            to the legislative auditor's report (http:llwww.legaudit.state.ak.us/pages/audits/2005/pdf/20028rpt.pdt),
            as requiring further analysis prior to enacting mandatory continuing education (CE) for
            architects, engineers and land surveyors (AELS). These issues remain almost completely
            unaddressed by the Board to date. Each one is discussed below. The DCED should be required
            to address each issue in writing to the satisfaction of the Governor and OMB to make sure that
            the DCED has thought through the downstream impacts of this proposed unfunded mandate and
            documented the costs and benefits. This report should be submitted by the DCED because it
            doesn't appear that the Board has the resources to accomplish this analysis. The Board can,
            however, provide valuable input. Further action on enacting mandatory CE should be halted
            until something like the above described analysis is done.




             11/13/2009

                                                                                                                 PRA_GSP01_0003396
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                             Page 2 of 3


            Apparently, the State can impose such a mandate for whatever reason it chooses. However, it seems like
            poor public policy to impose a new regulatory requirement without a thorough review of the costs and
            benefits. To date, the DCED has stated that there will be no costs and that the primary benefit is that
            Alaskan licensee regulation would be in alignment with some states. This argument that does little to
            justify the proposed action.

            Below are the six issues addressed by Commissioner Blatchford. Commentary has been added for each
            one.

             1. Perceived administrative burden to registrants

            Compliance with mandatory CE would require record keeping, submission of records for periodic audit,
            and possible adjudication of conflicts with the Board. Noncompliance related issues could result in
            licensees having to deal with efforts by the DCED to revoke one's license.

            2. Concern of availability of courses

            Several licensees commented that those working in remote locations would not have access to courses.
            Also, implicit in the concept of course availability is the availability of affordably priced courses.

            Should the DCED believe that it is very important for licensees to participate in CE, the State of Alaska
            might consider offering a large number and variety of online classes of the sort that would yield CE
            credits without making participation mandatory. There are numerous such courses that could be made
            available at little or no cost. Such a helpful and positive approach would sit much better with licensees
            and might actually help enhance the DCED's mission with regard to occupational regulation.

            3. Costs to registrants to comply,

            Some registrants would have their compliance costs reimbursed by their employer. Many would not.
            Since it appears that mostly formal - i.e. vendor provided - CE would count, the cost of AELS services
            will rise. Employers will raise their fees. Unreimbursed employees will have to eat the cost, essentially
            taking a cut in pay.

            Also underlying the concern with the cost of mandatory CE was the approximate doubling of fees at the
            last renewal . Upon request for justification , a spreadsheet was sent out summarizing the cost of
            administering the AELS registration program and dividing the cost by the number of registrants. No
            effort was offered to further justify these costs . "They are what they are". The statutes seem to find this
            explanation is adequate.

            It is recommended that you read the comments of DOT/PF Commissioner Leo von Sheben , P.E. to get
            his views on the cost issue and the subject of mandatory CE in general . There are clearly a conflicts
            between the position of DOT/PF and that of the DCED.

           4. Staff time to implement and oversee a regulatory CE program

           We have been "assured" by the DCED that there are sufficient resources available to implement a CE
           program without a need to increase the staff. This seems pretty far fetched based on the statute's
           auditing requirements and the inevitable disputes that will arise. These tasks will be added to the
           existing staff burden. It is not apparent that mandatory CE will in any way reduce staff burden, but
           rather will increase it.




            11/13/2009

                                                                                                           PRA GSP01 0003397
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                            Page 3 of 3


            Unless the enactment of mandatory CE was a done deal in advance, one might conclude that staff time
            limitations may have led to virtually NO interaction occurring with licensees or consumers of AELS
            services in the decision to proceed with mandatory CE or the drafting of the language for this mandate.
            It appears that the Board relied almost exclusively on input from professional societies (who sell CE)
            and other states. Until the notice was delivered in February, many licensees had no idea that this action
            was being contemplated. Many still have no idea WHY it is being proposed for enactment.

            5. Expected drop off in registrants deciding not to renew

            Many licensees would likely drop their registration should mandatory CE be enacted. As noted in Item
            3 above, it appears that the cost of administering mandatory CE (which we think will be greater than the
            Department's estimate of $0) will be distributed among a smaller group, thereby requiring higher license
            fees. These costs are usually marked up and passed on to the government and/or private clients.
            Economics generally dictates that increasing costs decreases demand - not good for licensees!

            6. No demonstrated correlation between design professional's performance with mandatory CE and
            those not submitting to a mandatory CE program.

            No evidence has been presented to indicate that a licensee who participates in a mandatory CE program
            demonstrates improved performance. No effort is made by DCED to define the types of problems that
            could supposedly by solved by mandatory CE.




           11/13/2009

                                                                                                         PRA GSP01 0003398
