Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                    Page 1 of 1



             Unknown

             From :     Frye, Ivy J (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=IJFRYE]
             Sent:      Monday , July 23, 2007 10:00 AM
             To:       mike tibbles@gov.state . ak.us ; gov.sarah@yahoo.com
             Cc:       janice_mason@gov. state.ak.us
             Subject: Juneau Superior Court nominees


           We received five nominations on Tuesday, July 17th from the Alaska Judicial Council for the Superior Court vacancy
           left by Judge Larry Weeks. Governor Palin has 45 days to make an appointment. The deadline is Friday, August
           31St. We can set up interviews on August 2nd or 3rd when Governor Palin is in town if this works.

           I've begun soliciting recommendations from legal minds and others and will have them compiled this week (WAR,
           Lowenfels, Anders, Joe Miller, Paulette, Budd Simpson, Ben Brown, JNU delegation, Cathie Roemmich, Ginger and
           Rick Urion, Bill Gordon, John Mackinnon Annette Kreitzer, Talis, Malcom etc.)

           Susan Cox is 50 yrs old and an Alaska resident for 24 years. She graduated from UC Davis Law School in 1982.
           Currently an assistant DA in JNU (civil division). We received letters from Talis Colberg, Justice Carpenneti (she
           clerked for him and has appeared in his court during her career), Chuck Kopp. She was unanimously nominated.
           She's active in Tongass Alaska Girl Scouts, Love Inc., and sings in the Chapel by the Lake choir.

           Keith Levy is 50 yrs old and an Alaska resident for 20 years. He graduated from Santa Clara University in 1982.
           He's currently a District Court Judge in JNU. Dave Jones (helped with the ethics bill) and Richard Postma
           (appointed to ANC District Court by Governor Palin) have endorsed him. He was not sent unanimously-Chuck
           Kopp was a "no" vote. He was previously in private practice (civil litigation) and was an asst AG (general civil
           litigation).

          Robert Meachum is 52 yrs old and an Alaska resident for 28 years. He graduated from Northeastern University in
          1981. He's a life long public defender (1986 to present). In January, 2007 he received the David B. Snyder Award,
          recognizing excellence among Alaska's public defenders (there was an article in the Juneau Empire). He was not
          sent unanimously-Doug Bailey was a "no" vote (Doug is Landa Bailey's husband and a former AG).

          Phillip Pallenberg is 45 yrs and an Alaska resident for 23 years. He graduated from the University of Washington
          in 1981. He's currently a part time US Magistrate and in private practice part-time. He was sent unanimously by the
          Judicial Council. He serves on the Alaska Bar Association, has a wife and an infant son. He clerked for Justice
          Carpenetti and he sent a letter of support. He always has 1 pro bono domestic violence or sexual assault case
          open. He has applied twice before for a judge position in Juneau (one time he was nominated, one time he wasn't).
          Budd and Paulette Simpson, and Chuck Kopp like Pallenberg.

          Anthony Sholty is 56 yrs old and an Alaska resident for 31 years. He graduated from UCLA in 1976 and has been
          in private practice for 30 years. He is been with Faulkner Banfield since 1998. He is a shareholder of the firm and
          an employed lawyer. Previously he was an associate and then a partner for 20 years in Faulkner, Banfield, Doogan
          and Holmes. His firm has received several pro bono awards including a lifetime achievement award. He's a
          member of the Juneau Alliance for Mental Health. He was not sent unanimously-Robert Grossclose, a Bar
          appointment to the Council, was a "no" vote.


          Ivy Frye
          director of boards and commissions
          office of governor sarah palm
          ivy.fryc@alaska.gov
          Office (907) 465-3934
          Fax (907) 465-8110




          8/26/2009

                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0003404
