Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From:                     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
         Sent:                     Wednesday, July 25, 2007 9:51 AM
         To:                       zwhealth@aol.com
         Subject :                 RE: Military_and Veterans Affairs


        Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
        information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
        unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
        being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
        need, suggestion, or comment.



         -----Original Message-----

         From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov. state .ak.us]

         Sent: Wednesday, July 25, 2007 9:11 AM

         To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

         Subject: Military_and_VeteransAffairs



        Web mail from: Ms. Zulene Simmons

        address :    19722 Lace Road Chugiak AK 99567

          907 688 2559



        MESSAGE:

        Once again, I am sooooooo proud of you! I was just talking with Sean Thursday about some
        ways to help the military. I would be happy to work with the both of you on military
        affairs.  I have been going to the Seward recreation camps since the 80's and they have
        made them so that they are nolonger for the &quot;soldier&quot; who is in the war. The
        are more for the retirees and upper ranks. The Els to E4s can hardly afford to go there.



        zwhealth@aol.com

        PLEASE ADD TO E-NEWS




                                                                1




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0003421
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                             Page 1 of 1



              Byers, Gail Y (LAW)

               From :   Kathy Hansen [seafa@gci.net]
               Sent:    Wednesday, July 25, 2007 5:59 PM
               To:      Palin; Sarah H (GOV); Crome; Cora J (GOV)
               Cc:      Arne Fugivog; Mark Vinsel; Aspelund; Susan L (DFG); Todd Bertoson; Lisa Lindeman; Bruce C
                        Twomley; Doll; Andrea (LAA); Johansen; Kyle B (LAA); Kerttula; Beth (LAA); Wilson; Peggy A
                        (LAA); Elton; Kim S (LAA); Kookesh; Albert (LAA); Stedman; Bert K (LAA)
               Subject: EPA Comments on incidental discharges




            6/9/2009

                                                                                                            PRA_GSP0I_0003422
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                   Southeast Alaska Fishermen 's Alliance
                   9369 North Douglas Highway
                   Juneau, AK 99801
                   Phone 907-586-6652
                   Fax 907-523-1168      Website: http:// www.seafo.org               E-mail: seafa@gci.net


                   July 25, 2007

                   Water Docket Environmental Protection Agency
                   Mailcode: 2822T 1200 Pennsylvania Ave, NW
                   Washington, DC 20460

                   RE: Docket ID No. EPA-HQ-OW-2007-0483

                                               Sent by email to: ow-docket@epa.Qov

                   Thank you for the opportunity to comment on the early notification that EPA in
                   response to a court case is developing NPDES permits under the clean water act for
                   the discharge of pollutants incidental to the normal operation of vessels.

                   Southeast Alaska Fishermen's Alliance (5EAFA) believes that if the EPA court
                   appeal is not successful that the solution that should be pursued is legislation that
                   provides EPA the statutory authority that EPA believed they had to exclude
                   certain discharges incidental to the normal operation of vessels from NPDES
                   permitting for all the classes and discharges currently exempted.

                    Failing a statutory fix the only slightly plausible solution are general permits
                   covering classes of vessels as currently used in some other situations. EPA needs
                   to spend their time and resources on the issues that have a significant effect on
                   the health of the water column such as ballast water and the spread of invasive
                   species (non-native) that ballast water has caused, sewage from cruise ships and
                   not the permitting of approximately 18 million vessels in the United States. EPA
                   needs to spend their time and resource on issues and permits that make a
                   difference and not incidental discharges , large volume discharges or if new
                   information becomes available that a certain type of discharge is having a degrading
                   effect on the environment work on that specifically and not permit vessels for the
                   sake of developing a bureaucracy to issue permits.

                   The State of Alaska has 9,627 commercial fishing vessels registered by Commercial
                   Fisheries Entry Commission in 2007 ranging in length from open skiffs 7 ft long to
                   large vessels 635 feet long. These vessels participate in a variety of fisheries.




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01 0003423
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                    There are also over 69,000 recreational or non -commercial vessels registered in
                    the State of Alaska not including small non-motorized vessels not requiring
                    registration or documented vessels.

                    Your request asks for identification of data sources to use in the identification,
                    categorization and description of the numbers and types of commercial and
                    recreational vessels . Data sources in Alaska that could be used for this include the
                    State of Alaska Dept of Motor Vehicles , State of Alaska Commercial Fisheries
                    Entry Commission , State of Alaska Dept of Fish and Game Sport Fish Division
                    (charter vessels ) and the United States Documentation Center.

                    Before permits are required , we request that the EPA conduct a cost benefit
                    analysis of the enormous paperwork , manpower , and energy that would be required
                    to conduct and enforce this level of regulations and proceed only with regulations
                    that can be expected to provide a net benefit to the waters on which we depend
                    for our livelihoods . There is not the infrastructure necessary to deal with the
                    disposal of all the incidental discharges even if all the vessels were retrofitted to
                    collect all discharge streams.

                    Southeast Alaska Fishermen 's Alliance is a multi-gear membership based
                    organization representing our members involved in the salmon , crab , shrimp and
                    longline fisheries of Southeast Alaska.

                    Sincerely,

                    KAthu ttawsew

                   Kathy Hansen
                   Executive Director




                                                                                                          PRA_GSP01 _0003424
