Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Unknown
        From :                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
        Sent:                     Thursday, July 26, 2007 10:22 AM
        To:                       hytrys@starband.net
        Subject:                  RE: Other


        Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
        information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
        unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
        being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
        need, suggestion, or comment.



        -----Original Message-----

        From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

        Sent: Wednesday, July 25, 2007 10:29 PM

        To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

        Subject: Other



        Web mail from: Mr. Daniel Hytry

        address : PO Box 1 Lake Minchumina AK 99757

         907-674-3127



        MESSAGE:

        Dear Honorable Sarah Palin:



        The Postal Service is the most important part of any Alaskan community; the mail is a
        dependable service none of us can live without. Lake Minchumina is not different. The
        latest news on our P.O. is if the community can find a facility that will have "little to
        no cost" to the USPS our P.O. will remain a full service P.O. This is quite a request.
        However the community did come up with some options at the short notice they gave us (2-3
        days).  Here is some background Information:

        USPS has a building on leased FAA land, but the land has contaminates. The lease is up
        September 30, 2007, USPS will not extend the lease, even though FAA is liable for the
        contaminates, but USPS denies this even though they've got the documentation that states
        FAA is liable and will remain liable. It is also Federal Law. They've even been so kind
        as to share this documentation with us. We've pointed it out a number of times, to each
        department, they don't seem to care.

       Options given by community:



       1.    Move the current facility onto the school district's property temporarily (We
       acquired permission from the Superintendent to do so.) while Lake Minchumina's local Gov.
       pursues leasing land from FAA or moving building to private property.

       2.      USPS pursues leasing a different piece of property from FAA ;                this could be done at
                                                               1




                                                                                                          PRA_GSPO1_0003426
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         little to no cost and wouldn't take much time.

        3.    Lake Minchumina ' s local Gov . is pursuing purchasing a building that would be
        available to use as a P.O. free of charge.

        4.      USPS extends lease with FAA.

        5.      USPS purchases currently leased land from FAA.

        ·       FAA remains liable for contaminates even after transfer.

        ·       Cost $10,000.

        LISPS told us they ' d like to " break even" on their costs of operation in Lake Minchumina,
        there is no P.O. in the state of Alaska that breaks even ; Paul Larson of USPS admitted
        this.

        LISPS also wants the facility to have sewer and hot/ cold water , very few post offices in
        rural Alaska have sewer or running water, Paul also agreed on this fact.

        USPS wants Handicap accessibility , for a full service P . O. or contract post office. Very
        few P . O.s in rural Alaska have that either.

        USPS requires the land be at least 1 acre.

        If these are requirements of the         USPS , why then is our P . O. being singled out? Every
        rural Post Office in Alaska will         be shut down if USPS implements all of theses
        requirements . Please help our P       . O. in Lake Minchumina remain a full service Post Office.



        Thank you,



        Daniel Hytry

        P.O. Box 1

        Lake Minchumina AK 99757

        hytrys@starband.net

        907-674-3127



        Cc:     Legislature

                Lisa Murkowski

               Don Young

        Ted Stevens

        Sean Parnell



        hytrys@starband.net




                                                            2




                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0003427
