Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Unknown
        From :                    Mason, Janice L (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                  GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=JLMASON]
        Sent:                     Friday, July 27, 2007 4:57 PM
        To:                       gov.sarah@yahoo.com
        Cc:                       Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
        Subject:                  RE: Soldier


        Governor - I am awaiting word from DMVA on this information. They should have it forth
        coming by Monday, July 30. Janice



        -----Original Message-----

        From:    gov.sarah @yahoo.com [mailto: gov.sarah @ yahoo.com]

        Sent: Thursday, July 26, 2007 2:49 PM

        To: Mason ,   Janice L (GOV)

        Subject: Soldier



        J: pls let me know if we hear about the recent AK soldier (from Copper Cntr) who was
        killed in action - his funeral should be next wk and I'd like to attend. Thank you

        Sent from my BlackBerry@ device from Cellular One




                                                                 1




                                                                                                            PRA_GSPOI _0003430
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                             Pagel of2



              Unknown

              From:     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                        GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=GOVERNOR]
              Sent:     Friday, July 27, 2007 10:07 AM
              To:       Mason ; Janice L (GOV); Cayce; Sunny C (GOV); Provost; Kathryn T (GOV)
              Subject: FW: Message to all DOT&PF Employees - July 2007




            From: Veasey, Teri A (DOT)
            Sent: Thursday, July 26, 2007 8:13 PM
            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored); Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Kelly, Russell T (GOV)
            Cc: Provost, Kathryn T (GOV)
            Subject: FW: Message to all DOT&PF Employees - July 2007


            From: Von Scheben, Leo (DOT)
            Sent: Thursday, July 26, 2007 8:55 AM
            To: Veasey, Teri A (DOT)
            Subject: FW: Message to all DOT&PF Employees - July 2007

            Please forward this to the Governor and Mike Tibbles and Russ Kelly. LEO


            From: Commissioner, DOT (DOT sponsored)
            Sent: Wednesday, July 25, 2007 4:07 PM
            To: DOT - All Staff
            Subject: Message to all DOT&PF Employees - July 2007

            When I came on board in February I discussed with you my five-point business philosophy. I've been
            happy to see that many DOT&PF staff have posted copies of this philosophy in their workspaces. If you
            recall, the points are:
              1. Customer Satisfaction
              2. Employee Satisfaction
              3. Quality Products
              4. Have some Fun
              5. Manage the Money

            I'd like to take a couple moments discussing the issue of customer satisfaction . While we all work for
            the people of Alaska, some divisions also have more localized customers that they serve. The Alaska
            Marine Highway System, as an example , serves those people who chose to ride our ferries. Design, is
            another example , serves our construction section. Well, here are some points I'd like to share with you
            on how to sharpen that service quality to the people of Alaska, users, and other internal customers:
               1. Communicate to your customer (communication is always going to be number one).
               2. Be consistent in providing and delivering noticeably superior service.
              3. Your customer will define the value of services so find out what they want and deliver it.
              4. Your customer will continually judge your service so get as much feedback as possible (face to
                 face is best).
              5. Try and exceed the customer' s expectation.



            8/26/2009
                                                                                                              PRA_GSPO1_0003431
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                             Page 2 of 2


               6. Listen 'to your customers. They usually will tell you their needs.
               7. Continually evaluate your service . Ask yourself, "How am I doing"?
               8. No surprises - never, ever surprise the customer. Customers do not like surprises and they
                  particularly don't like surprises involving the issues of budget and schedule.
               9. Don't be afraid to talk to your customer - again communicate.

            All-in-all, customer service is all about letting the customer set the value, measure yourself and your
            performance and communicate -- communicate -- communicate.

            I recently attended a successful groundbreaking ceremony on the new Glenn-Bragaw interchange. It was
            great that Governor Palin was on hand to give this important project a proper sendoff. As many of you
            know, this is the first phase of the Highway-to-Highway project which will one day provide an
            expressway linking the Glenn with the Seward Highway. I also attended the recent Glenn Highway
            Weigh Stations opening. Kudos to the MSCVE for their work on this project. The CVISN is exciting
            technology that will benefit the efficient movement of freight across our highways. This is something
            the trucking industry should really appreciate.

            The Marine Transportation Advisory Board has had two meetings so far this summer and we're
            expecting good things out of this advisory group. I am looking to the MTAB to provide a statewide
            perspective on ways the Marine Highway System can deliver dependable service with the funding the
            Legislature has made available. We certainly understand the concerns expressed regarding service to
            Prince William Sound this winter and we are doing what we can to aid the communities with the budget
            that we have been given.

            I continue to be concerned about the issue of attrition of our workforce, particularly the loss of mid-level
            managers within the department. I hope that all supervisors are thinking about recruiting and retaining
            the next generation of leaders within the department.

            Leo




            Leo von Scheben, P.E., L.S., M.B.A.
            DOT&PF Commissioner
            dot.commissioner@alaska.gov




            8/26/2009

                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0003432
