Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
        From :                     gov.sarah @yahoo.com
        Sent:                      Sunday, July 29, 2007 10:26 AM
        To:                        Mason ; Janice L (GOV); Campbell; Craig (MVA); Lloyd; Denby S (DFG); Tibbles; Michael A
                                   (GOV); Nizich; Michael A (GOV); Colberg ; Talis J (LAW); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
        Cc:                        Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Mills; Andy J (GOV)
        Subject:                   Today


        Janice: Just for the record for sched:

        I'm going visiting gold mine claims at Alfred Creek today - Ahtna Region - near
        Glennallen. I'll get there via four-wheeler and my Dad is with me. Thanks J.



        And HAPPY, HAPPY BIRTHDAY yesterday!!! Look forward to seeing you this week. Thanks for
        everything!



        Kris- hopefully yesterday's event was good for you! I tried to plant myself in one place
        for longer periods of time and we told people I couldn't run off as often to see their
        booth, or group of friends, or whatever the request may be. That helped with the crowd.
        Also, working in the food line helped a lot be I was planted in one place for that long
        stretch. Hopefully the afternoon was enjoyable for you - moreso than the last few events!
        It was good to see Clark there w/the inspector, too.



        A few folks have asked me who donated to both picnics - they want to thank the sponsors. I
        told them we're putting ads in Frontiersman and ADN to give those sponsors publicity and
        thanks. So let's do that and if we need picture(s) to go with it, Andy has good ones that
        feature seniors and little kids (I don't want to be the photo's focus). The list of
        sponsors is long for both picnics, one ad designed for both, highlighting all sponsors,
        will be great. Thanking the awesome picnic committee folks too.



        Sharon- thanks so much for putting up with the chaos yesterday. Believe it or not, the
        mayhem wasn't as bad as it could have been. I really hope you're resting today. Thank you.



        Mike and Mike and Denby and Craig: the #1 request I got from Alaskan troops in Kuwait was
        for an extension of hunting season - this is their second moose/caribou season they have
        to miss be of the Guard's deployment timing. I told them (there aren't that many who'd
        utilize the extention) that I'd do ALL I could to let them fill their freezers this year.
        They return in October and need a few weeks to hunt. The Bush Ak troops - all Natives whom
        I spoke with - asked for this. I think it's perfect and request that this be allowed for
        them. Rep Nancy Dallstrom told me whatever she can do with this request, she'll do. Can
        this be done via Ex or Admin Order? I thought it was an awesome request. Proxy hunts
        possible? Xtention for them to hunt when they return (that's what they want to do...).



        Gen Campbell- thanks for letting me visit our troops! Amazing. It will be a lifetime
        highlight for me. Thank you.

        And I got to meet Talis' brother-in-law over there, along with a few guys who were related
        to Todd, from rural AK. Small world, huge mission.




                                                                 1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0003437
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Denby and Talis- also , hopefully the game bd doesn ' t have in mind to challenge court's
         ruling on Tier 11.

         I wouldn't be able to support that decision at all.



         Thanks, all, for the great assistance at this weekend ' s events!



         Sp

         Sent from my BlackBerry ® device from Cellular One




                                                       2




                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0003438
