Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From :                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
         Sent:                     Monday, July 30, 2007 3:34 PM
         To:                       Betty Fields
         Subject:                  RE: Two different announcements!


         Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
         information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
         unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
         being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
         need, suggestion, or comment.



         -----Original Message-----

         From: Betty Fields [mailto:bbptarmigan@ msn.com]

         Sent: Monday, July 30, 2007 3:17 PM

         To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

         Subject: Two different announcements!



         To Governor Palin.

         Hi Sarah

               First of all let me say I am so glad you are back on US ground. I prayed

         for your safety while in Irag. But Burt and I are so very proud of you.

               Our Chugiak Lions Club helped purchase the Eye Vision Trailer and also

         purchased the machine to check eyes with, ( mostly children) but also

         adults can be checked. We will have the trailer at the State Fair and would

         like to invite you make an. appearance and have your childrens eye checked.

         We The Lions Clubs do all this free for the public. Look forward to seeing

         you there.

                The second notice is that this year is the 60th anniversary of Chugiak.

         On August 18, the Chugiak Lions club with help from others in the area will

         have a Free Picnic at Mirror Lake from 12 noon to 3:00 P.M. We will have

         entertainment and hope to have KTUU and/or Channel 11 there as well. if you

        and your family should happen to be in the area we would like to extend an

         invitation to you and your family. Rep. Bill Stoltz one of our good members

        of the Chugiak Lions will ofcourse be there.

               Good Luck to you and thanks for a job well done. Our grandson ( Shaun

        that spoke to you regarding joining the marines) when you two were talking
                                                                1




                                                                                                           PRA_GSPO1_0003459
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        regarding Trak thinking about joining the marines, is now in the Marines.

        Please pray for him.



        Best regards,

        Betty Fields




                                                      2




                                                                                                  PRA_GSP01 _0003460
