Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From :                     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.gov]
         Sent :                     Monday, July 30, 2007 3:05 PM
         To:                        dixiesticks@gci.net
         Subject:                   RE: Fish and Game


         Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
         information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
         unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
         being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
         need, suggestion, or comment.



          -----Original Message-----

         From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

          Sent: Friday, July 27, 2007 10:22 PM

         To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

          Subject: Fish-and-Game



         Web mail from: Mr. Mark Campbell

         address: 613 W Daron Drive Palmer AK 99645

           9077466579



         MESSAGE:

         July 27, 2007rn Sara Palin, Governorrn877 Commercial DrivernWasilla , AK 99645rnrnMs.
         Palin:rnrnMy name is Mr . Mark Campbell and I reside in Palmer , AK. I am writing you today
         because of the unfortunate circumstances surrounding the Tier II permits for TC566,
         Caribou. rnrn2 found out that I was awarded a Tier II permit to hunt the TC566 Caribou on
         July 21. I have since found out on July 27, 2007 my permit has been rescinded due to the
         elimination of the income question that prompted the rescoring of the applications.
         rnrnMany of Southcentral Alaskans deemed this question unfair . I however , was not among
         them .  I felt the question was rather pertinent to the application processes. This
         question was not advocated for in my opinion , it was just merely dropped .  In many Alaskan
         hunting forums there were many who objected to this income cap. The most opposed were
         people who were above the income cap. rnrnThe reason why I believe that the income
         question should have remained in!

         tact is because it gives fiscally challenged people such as me, an accessible , economical
         hunt . I am not seeking trophy value ; I am just after the game to supplement my families'
         income.   Mind you we would not have starved but this blue collar , hard-working , tax-paying
         guy just needs a break to subsidize his food bill . rnrnobviously , the majority of my
         points lye here with this question , as they deem this question unfair . I could very well,
         say the question pertaining to "How long have you or your family taken or eaten meat from
         this unit " as an unfair question as obviously , there are people that have been hunting
         this herd for quite some time .  At this rate I will never be allotted the opportunity to
         hunt this herd unless it goes to an open draw system .   This is deja - vu for me because 17
         years ago my permit was rescinded because it changed to the tier II system .     The state
         giveth and the state taketh away . rnrnThis news saddens my family and many others like
         mine .  If I made!

           over 51,640 a year I could hunt,         fish elsewhere other than m!
                                                                    1




                                                                                                               PRA GSP01_0003462
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          y own backyard. So, as       I am walking the dog at the corner of the Glen Hwy. and the
          Palmer-Wasilla Hwy and       I see the motorhomes with their trailer attachments to support the
          family of quadrunners.       I remember that the state giveth and the state taketh away, again
          from this disappointed       lowly foot hunter. rnrn"Fair is what comes around once a year in
          September".rnrnMark A.       Campbellrnrn907 746-6579



          dixiestickssgci.net




                                                             2




                                                                                                         PRA_GSP01_0003463
