Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From:                     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
          Sent:                     Monday, July 30, 2007 3:01 PM
          To:                       tgl@mtaonline.net
          Subject :                 RE: Fish_and_Game


          Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
          information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
          unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
          being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
          need, suggestion, or comment.



          -----Original Message-----

          From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

          Sent: Saturday, July 28, 2007 10:05 AM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

          Subject: Fish-and-Game



          Web mail from: Mr. Thomas Little

          address: 1765 S Heirloom Cir # B Palmer AK 99645




          MESSAGE:

         I am sure you are aware of the subsistance hunting tier 11 problems that recently occurred
         and because I am a 58 year old hunter that has hunted the Nelchina caribou for over 30
         years I have concerns about the boards decision to make income an issue, with my social
         security dissibility checks this last year I made $2900. over the $51,000. limit and the
         way the rule was written I did not apply this year even though it meant higher food costs
         this winter for my family, the Judge ruled to change this unfair requirement but did not
         take into account the folks that did not even try because the way the new measure was put
         forth. Is it your belief that even those of us on fixed retirement or dissibility incomes
         should be not allowed access to this resource? I came to Alaska when it was a territory
         and have lived and hunted here ever since, I feel that consideration for time spent should
         count more that the amount of money I made it a year. I would appreciate your comment on
         this as!

          I am considering a law suit myself along with others. But will reserve my decision until
         I hear from you since I know you understand the need of the older folks that have lived
         and worked in Alaska for a long time.



         Thank you for your time



         Thomas




                                                                1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0003464
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          tgl@mtaonline.net




                                                        2




                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0003465
