Unknown

From :                   Leschper, Mary C (GOV) [beth.leschper@alaska.gov]
Sent:                    Friday, September 07, 2007 2:27 PM
To:                      Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); ExternalEmailgsp; Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); 'Todd Palin';
                         Fagerstrom; Erika (GOV)
Cc:                      Mason ; Janice L (GOV); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
Subject :                RE: Pics at mansion


Yes, that was my understanding based on what the governor said on Wednesday and I've discussed
with Andy and Jason -- Christmas card/Christmas photos AND "official" family photos.



WOULD the Palin family be amenable to changing clothes so that the photos are DEFINITELY
different -- not just a background change or that looks "cut and pasted"?



We've already begun planning technical end and Andy and Jason are going to visit with Erika and the
staff at the house if they have any special needs based on last year's photo shoot.



We want to make this as smooth an event as possible -- no breaker problems!




Beth



-----Original Message-----

From: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

Sent: Friday, September 07, 2007 2:17 PM

To: ExternalEmailgsp ; Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Todd Palin; Fagerstrom , Erika (GOV)

Cc: Mason , Janice L (GOV); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Leschper, Beth C (GOV)

Subject: RE: Pics at mansion



For clarification, I believe we're talking about different portraits here. If I'm wrong, please let me know
but I wanted to make sure this was clarified and therefore followed-up on. In talking with Janice and
Sharon, it sounds as though we're thinking Christmas theme only. However, in addition to the
Christmas picture (one was done last year), there would/should be an official (non-holiday) family
                                                       i
                                                                                           ROSTON 00860




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
photo also done.



Kris



-----Original Message-----

From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]

Sent: Wednesday, September 05, 2007 7:25 AM

To: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Todd Palin; Fagerstrom, Erika (GOV); Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

Cc: Mason, Janice L (GOV); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Leschper, Mary C (GOV)

Subject: Pics at mansion



Tib- anyone know when the king air has to return from servicing? I assume it has to fly thru
Anchorage? If so, maybe that's a good way to get my family down here for First Family events incl
the official family photos (which a year later we still haven't done), the mansion Christmas photo
shoot (Erika's on it - she'll put wreaths on the door or fireplace and we'll call it good... Maybe outdoor
shot with wreath on exterior), the Alaska Magazine photos with family in Juneau, etc. Otherwise, we
need commercial reservations soon.



The sooner the better on the christmas pics! My kids are getting busier than ever and it will be
impossible to have everyone together if it's not in the next couple of weeks - just for the day is good
enough. Do you want Kris to help me on this one?



Todd- what date 's good for you? I can take the kids out of school if need be . Either king air or
commercial...

Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One




                                                     2                                ROSTON 00861




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
