Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From:                     Tibbles, Michael A (GOV) [/O=SOAIOU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                   GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=MATIBBLES]
         Sent:                     Monday, July 30, 2007 9:22 AM
         To:                       gov.sarah@yahoo.com
         Subject :                 RE: Sp session


         Pat sent his revisions to me and Joe. I am just looking over the edits and they are good.
         I have a few more suggestions and will get a copy to Kris to give you once you get in.



         Mike



         -----Original Message-----

         From: gov . sarah@yahoo . com (mailto : gov.sarah @ yahoo.com]

        Sent: Monday ,    July 30,   2007 9:11 AM

        To: Tibbles , Michael A (GOV)

        Cc: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

        Subject: Re: Sp session



        What letter? I have not seen anything.

        Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



        -----Original Message-----

        From: "Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>



        Date: Mon, 30 Jul 2007 08:35:07

        To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

        Subject: RE: Sp session




        I am working on sending you a response to the earlier email; it will be

        just a few more minutes.        A quick note here, Pat sent a revised version

        of the letter to the Legislators this morning. It will take just a very

        short time to go over it and we can have it out today. I left                  a message

        for Pat this morning. I will touch base with Pat and Kris to schedule a

       brief meeting to get an update on the gross             verses net discussion.
                                                               1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0003466
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Mike



         -----Original Message-----

         From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]

         Sent: Monday, July 30, 2007 8:27 AM

         To: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV); Rutherford, Martha K (DNR); Irwin, Tom E

         (DNR); Galvin, Patrick S (DOR); Nizich, Michael A (GOV)

         Cc: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Balash, Joseph R

         (GOV)

         Subject: Sp session



         Hi Pat, et al:

         I'll need to definitively respond to sp session questions today. Folks

         know that I've returned from overseas trip and I'd told them they'd hear

         from me upon that return. This includes a few leggies, and the four or

         five reporters whom I've spoken with over the weekend. I told them all

         that, yes, I'd be calling it - we'd get an official statement out asap

         (we need to do this today - it's impossible and not fair to Alaskans to

         put off the statement any longer). I'll be in the Anchorage office in an

         hr if folks want to meet in person or via tele on this issue.



         Mr. Nizich- any info on logisitics if, when working w/leggies, the

         locale is chosen along the road system? That's another question Bill

        mcAllister has been asking and waiting for answer re: location. I've let

         him and other reporters know that the Juneau office has been working on

         this. If i need to shift from that, pls let me know as we have an

        Anchorage office of staffers who are offering, enthusiastically, to work

         on logistics to present location ideas to leg leaders. They want to do

         this, so if there's too much on the Juneau plate pls let me know be the

        Anchorage staff wants to work on this aspect of sp session.



        Thanks!

                                                       2
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Sent from my BlackBerry(r) device from Cellular One



         -----Original Message-----

         From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com



         Date: Mon, 30 Jul 2007 15:39:10

        To:"Kristina Y Perry" <kris_perry@gov.state.ak.us>

        Cc:"Sharon W Leighow" <sharon_leighow@gov.state.ak.us>,"Michael A

        Tibbles" <mike tibbles@gov.state.ak.us>

        Subject: Letter




        Kris- in response to the negative letter to the editor in todays adn re:

        military picnic: i'll pen a response to that, so pls have whomever

        organized it or chose the theme to send a quick email on the purpose or

        thought that went into them choosing the theme. Cant believe someone

        could turn that one into a negative.



        Also- did u guys get the email i sent yest on my way to Alfred Creek?

        Sent it on the rd, hopefully it was recvd by all of you - any kind of "i

        got it" would be great and then i won't follow up with other recepients

        until this afternoon.



        Mike- any thoughts on leg liason ? If, still,       my idea on who it could be

        isnt going antwhere then we need to hustle on plan B.



       Remember i'll be gone to pick up willow in orgeon and spend time with

        family aug 10-20.

       Sent from my BlackBerry(r) device from Cellular One




                                                        3



                                                                                                  PRA GSP01 0003468
