Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Unknown
        From :                     Nizich, Michael A (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                   GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=MANIZICH]
        Sent :                     Monday, July 30, 2007 8:33 AM
        To:                        gov.sarah@yahoo.com; Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Rutherford; Martha K (DNR); Irwin; Tom E
                                   (DNR); Galvin; Patrick S (DOR)
        Cc:                        Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Balash; Joseph R (GOV)
        Subject:                   RE: Sp session


        Kris Perry and I have discussed this and now need to make some calls on availability of
        facilities to house the session for 30 days or so. I will get on the phone with Kris 1st
        thing and get the ball rolling. We will have to coordinate with Leg-A for the fine details
        on there needs.



        -----Original Message-----

        From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]

        Sent: Monday, July 30, 2007 8:27 AM

        To: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV); Rutherford,            Martha K     ( DNR); Irwin ,   Tom E (DNR); Galvin,
        Patrick S (DOR); Nizich, Michael A (GOV)

        Cc: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Balash, Joseph R (GOV)

        Subject: Sp session



        Hi Pat, et al:

        I'll need to definitively respond to sp session questions today. Folks know that I've
        returned from overseas trip and I'd told them they'd hear from me upon that return. This
        includes a few leggies, and the four or five reporters whom I've spoken with over the
        weekend. I told them all that, yes, I'd be calling it - we'd get an official statement out
        asap (we need to do this today - it's impossible and not fair to Alaskans to put off the
        statement any longer). I'll be in the Anchorage office in an hr if folks want to meet in
        person or via tele on this issue.



        Mr. Nizich- any info on logisitics if, when working w/leggies, the locale is chosen along
        the road system? That's another question Bill mcAllister has been asking and waiting for
        answer re: location. I've let him and other reporters know that the Juneau office has been
        working on this. If i need to shift from that, pls let me know as we have an Anchorage
        office of staffers who are offering, enthusiastically, to work on logistics to present
        location ideas to leg leaders. They want to do this, so if there's too much on the Juneau
        plate pls let me know be the Anchorage staff wants to work on this aspect of sp session.



        Thanks!

        Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



        -----Original Message-----

        From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com

                                                                 1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0003471
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Date: Mon, 30 Jul 2007 15:39:10

         To:"Kristina Y Perry" <kris_perry@gov.state.ak.us>

         Cc:"Sharon W Leighow" <sharon leighow@gov.state.ak.us>,"Michael A Tibbles"
         <mike_tibbles@gov.state.ak.us>

         Subject: Letter




         Kris- in response to the negative letter to the editor in todays adn re: military picnic:
         i'll pen a response to that, so pls have whomever organized it or chose the theme to send
         a quick email on the purpose or thought that went into them choosing the theme. Cant
         believe someone could turn that one into a negative.



        Also- did u guys get the email i sent yest on my way to Alfred Creek? Sent it on the rd,
        hopefully it was recvd by all of you - any kind of "i got it" would be-great and then i
        won't follow up with other recepients until this afternoon.



        Mike - any thoughts on leg liason? If, still,       my idea on who it could be isnt going
        antwhere then we need to hustle on plan B.



        Remember i'll be gone to pick up willow in orgeon and spend time with family aug 10-20.

        Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One




                                                        2




                                                                                                  PRA GSP01 0003472
