Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                      Page 1 of I



               Unknown

               From:    John Katz [jwkatz@ALASKADC.org]
               Sent:    Monday, July 30, 2007 11:50 AM
               To:      Kris Perry; Governor Sarah Palin
               Cc:      Tom Irwin; Larry Persily; Sam Bishop; Larry Hartig; Denby Lloyd; Joseph Balash; Michael Tibbles; Mike
                        Nizich
               Subject: NGA/Natural Resources Committee


             We met today with staffs of the Natural Resources Committee of NGA and Governor
             Manchin, the next Chair of the Committee, to discuss agendas and logistics for the year
             when Governor Palin will be Vice-Chair.

             Subject to your approval, we identified three high priority issues for the Committee to
             pursue. These issues are climate change, energy policy, and the Endangered Species
             Act. Governor Manchin is quite anxious to pursue a coal-to-liquids initiative. We had
             no problem with this, but indicated Alaska's desire to focus on responsible oil and gas
             development as an essential element of national energy policy. The NGA does not deal
             with state specific issues, preferring instead to work on generic initiatives. (However,
             existing NGA policy does mention the need to commercialize North Slope natural gas.)

             The Natural Resources Committee has developed a list of policy resolutions that will
             sunset at the winter meeting. None of these is deemed to be particularly controversial,
             and they should not require much time between now and the winter meeting.

             Regarding logistics, the staffs of the Natural Resources Committee, Governor Manchin,
             and this office will meet every two weeks for the time being to discuss progress in
             achieving agenda items. Later, we will meet weekly as the winter meeting approaches.
             There will be periodic meetings/teleconferences of the staffs for each Governor
             represented on the Natural Resources Committee, and either Governor Manchin's staff
             or this office will chair these meetings.

             The NGA staff will do most of the heavy lifting in preparation for the NGA winter meeting
             and in the interim period. Such work will entail writing draft letters and resolutions for
             consideration by the Chair and Vice-Chair of the Natural Resources Committee and the
             identification of speakers and drafting talking points for the winter meeting.

             We all felt good about today's meeting. I think Governor Manchin and his staff will be
             easy for the Palin administration to work with, and the Committee staff are eager to
             assist. We will give you periodic reports as matters proceed.

             Please let me know if you have any comments or questions regarding the foregoing.


            Please note that my email address has changed. My new email address is
            jwka .alaskadc .org. Thank you.




            8/25/2009

                                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0003477
