Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                               Page 1 of 3



              Unknown

               From:    Governor Sarah Patin (GOV sponsored) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                        GROU P/CN=RECI PI ENTS/CN=GOVERNOR]
              Sent:     Monday, July 30, 2007 10:27 AM
              To:       Cayce; Sunny C (GOV)
              Subject : FW: GERONIMO Update (UNCLASSIFIED)




            From : Balcavage, Robert M. LTC USA HHC 1-501 PIR BN CDR [mailto:robert.balcavage@4bct.25id.pac.army.mil]
            Sent: Monday, July 30, 2007 9:30 AM
            To: aksnowangell@hotmail.com; pokolocoinaz@qwest.net; brian good; phillips.de.ka@sbcglobal.net; Carmen
            Bucci; Dana Giglio; kdkeim@hometownu.com; dean.newman@us.army.mil; Debbie Pini; Dynise Balcavage;
            Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored); james.n.ortoli@us.army.mil; Mak96zach0l@aol.com; Jill & Steve First;
            JOEL.J.LEVESQUE@JS.PENTAGON.MIL; Kyle and Tricia Lear; McNamara,Lisa; odonnellm@jfcbs.nato.int;
            megan.mcswain@us.army.mil; Smith, Melody D. LTC JCS J4; michael.wells@sap.com; Im.bucci@verizon.net;
            Derfer, Monique; ml8mccarthy@hotmail.com; nheupel@qwest.net; Patin J Steven MAI USARAK CMD SGS;
            Pittman Matthew SSG ALCOM/J11; Werling, Ryan M. MA] USA WHMO/WHTA; john.sena@us.army.mil; Stephen
            Miller; timothy.lorenz@us.army.mil; Cindy Sjostedt; Miralda, Victoria L LTC MIL USA/SMDC; BetsyB;
            Win.Balcavage@ampacet.com; CJPSAROS@aol.com; Jill & Steve First; Gmchiro@aol.com; Tom Morgan;
            timothy.j.walters@lmco.com
            Subject: GERONIMO Update (UNCLASSIFIED)


            Classification: UNCLASSIFIED

            Caveats: NONE

            All,
            Here's my input to our BN's monthly newsletter . Thanks for all of the support you all show us.

            GERONIMO Families and Friends,

            Well it's been completely crazy here . This month , in the span of 72 hours, our area has turned
            on its head. Local Sunni Tribes that have supported our enemies in the past have gotten tired
            of Al Qaeda and joined the fight against them . It seems crazy to us - but suddenly it just got
            very quiet in those areas . So we are suddenly talking (cautiously) to guys who were
            completely unwilling to even sit down with us and talk not long ago. This local
            counterinsurgency against Al Qaeda developed in our 'back yard', and its going to be a very,
            very interesting next month . It is a time of hope and caution and anxiety as we try to figure out
            which way this will turn. The hard-core Shia militia appear really antsy as they don't want us to
            have 'free time' to concentrate more on them. It is very complicated and we have trouble
            keeping most of these actors straight . And of all Spartan Brigade areas of responsibility, we
            are glad that those who choose to reconcile want to do it in our area where everything else
            seems to happen. We have had reporter after reporter coming down here, first in disbelief,
            then in wonder about what's going on all of a sudden. Our area of Northern Babil Province, is
            on the Sunni-Shia "fault line," so this reconciliation will be far more complicated than in Anbar
            Province . For now, at least in some of our formerly rough areas , it's suddenly very peaceful.




            8/27/2009
                                                                                                                PRA GSPO1_0003479
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                         Page 2 of 3


             Apache Company set the conditions for this Sunni reconciliation effort in our area. Their
             lockdown and control of the town of Jurf as Sakhr , in my mind , forced the enemy to come to
             the table after they had exhausted all other options . Blackfoot Company is back in the Brigade
             AO but is stationed over at Kalsu - they are working with 3-509 to strike at targets that were in
             formerly out-of-reach areas . As usual , the Blackfoot continues to excel . Comanche Company
             is moving around the battlefield to shore up the Iraqi Army and Police . When several VBIEDs
             struck our area in late May/early June, Comanche raced out to the afflicted sites, partnered
             with the devastated Iraqi units , and repaired their fortifications and morale . The Iraqis rave
             about the Comanches . Delaware Company continues to unhinge a sophisticated militia
             entrenched in one of our larger cities , Musayyib . Their methodical targeting of a militia that
             once literally held the Musayyib IPs hostage and robbed people of their freedoms has been
             remarkable to watch . Dog Company (3-509) continues to move to the sound of the guns and
             reduce problems in the largest metropolitan area the brigade owns . Their constant presence
             and "attack" mentality has kept this sectarian area from coming apart at the seams . Hatchet
             Company continues to execute the critical task of keeping the areas just outside our FOB free
             of significant enemy presence (in addition to the myriad of other things that Hatchet does for
             us). Easy Company (725 BSB) is continuing to hold together our systems . We have an
             incredibly elastic and flexible support element that always rises to the occasion when we need
             it.

            The heat out here just began to combine itself more vigorously with the humidity , so we are
            battling that as well . Daily temps continue to average between the teens and twenties (one
            hundred that is) but the humidity feels as if it has doubled . I don't think I have ever been so
            eager for summer to end , but I hope back home that yours is going well.

            Sadly , we had to send home some GERONIMOs with injuries this month , but none too serious,
            and all of our other paratroopers stayed safe . We did receive some new members on the team
            as key replacements - just at the right time.

            With our last group of men headed out on leave in just a few days , we find ourselves seeing
            the light at the end of the tunnel . The unit that will relieve us already had its advance party
            here to view their future mission , and already left for home . We will load our early return
            containers shortly , and will start to refine the timelines for redeployment as well . It's exciting,
            but we also know we have to get there first , so we continue on in pursuit of our mission . I don't
            have any details for you yet about what weeks we expect to arrive home or when we 'll be on
            leave , but I do expect that to begin developing shortly.

            Even the most cynical and jaded media personnel that come here leave with positive words
            about our men , your husbands and sons . The GERONIMO Paratroopers continue to amaze
            me with their attitude , toughness , and courage. They are truly an American treasure and I will
            be happy when we can all return to our families . Until then , we will continue to press the fight
            against the remaining committed insurgents , the militia , and the heat.

            Thanks so much for all you do for us and your GERONIMOs . We continue to receive loads of
            packages and letters from loved ones and Platoon Partners . It's very clear that while
            Americans may have mixed feelings about the conflict , they very dearly love their
            Paratroopers.

            GERONIMO

            LTC Balcavage


            8/27/2009
                                                                                                          PRA_GSP01_0003480
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                     Page 3 of 3




             ROBERT M. BALCAVAGE
             LTC, IN
             CDR, 1-501 PIR
             FOB ISKAN, IRAQ APO AE 09312-0576



             Classification: UNCLASSIFIED

             Caveats: NONE




            8/27/2009
                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0003481
