Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From :                    Tibbles, Michael A (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                    GROUPICN=RECIPIENTS/CN=MATIBBLES]
          Sent :                    Tuesday, July 31, 2007 9:40 PM
          To:                       'gov. sarah@yahoo.com'
          Subject:                  Re: Knik and Gravina Re: Meeting Wednesday August 1


          The bridge money is on hold and available for other national highway projects. The road
          money that was part of the earmark is not really available to return to the feds. The
          contract was signed and we are liable to pay the contractor. The project was separate
          from the bridge money and was intended to open access to additional forrest land. I asked
          DOT if the work was scheduled to be done soon and they replied that it would be this year.
          The problem we were presented coming in was that if we stopped all the work on the road,
          we may have had a partial project completed, and may have been required to pay the
          contractor and even cancel another road project to get the funds to pay back the feds.



         Whenever I am asked by a concerned citizen, I tell them that it was this administration
         that put the hold on the gravina bridge due to the high costs and lack of funding.



         Mike



          ----- original message -----

         From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

         To: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)

         Cc: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

         Sent: Tue Jul 31 19:33:58 2007

         Subject: Re: Knik and Gravina Re:        Meeting Wednesday August 1



         I haven't seen the frontiersman article.



         Is giving the $ back to the feds and option? It would gain us more than it would cost us.
         Why wouldnt DOT have presented that option to me?

         Sent from my B1ackBerry® device from Cellular One



         -----Original Message-----

         From : "Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>



         Date: Tue, 31 Jul 2007 18:05:35

         To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

         Subject: RE: Knik and Gravina Re: Meeting Wednesday August 1
                                                               1




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0003489
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          I talked to McKinnon and Leo today. Everything is still on hold on the bridge. The
          notice to proceed for the design work has not gone out. The Lt. Gov when visiting
          Ketchikan also passed along that there are funding issues and selection the most expensive
          option was definitely not viable.  The road project on the island is continuing but there
          is not much we can do there. It was a federal earmark that we can not use on anything
          else. Also since the award was already made to the contractor prior to us coming in we
          would have been exposed to damages to the contractor and even paying the feds back if were
          to stop the work.



          We do need to get an update on KABATA. I asked DOT about the article in the Frontiersman
          today.  They were confused as well and called the paper to inquire. I was told that the
          following correction will be run.



          Mike



          Mike,



          The Frontiersman will be printing this correction to their article. It corrects some
          numbers, but remains somewhat confusing



          John



          A Sunday, July 29 article in The Frontiersman, "DOT May Change Its Priorities For Knik
          Bridge," should have stated that funding for the Knik Arm Bridge will rise if the Knik Arm
          Bridge and Toll Authority can organize private sector and public funding. Also, the 2030
          Long Range Transportation Plan identified $1.4 billion in annual transportation needs,
          rather than the $6 billion figure quoted. The Frontiersman regrets the error.



          -----Original Message-----

          From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]

          Sent: Tuesday, July 31, 2007 9:46 AM

          To: Colberg, Talis J (LAW)

          Cc: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Kelly, Russell T (GOV); Perry, Kristina Y (GOV); Balash,
          Joseph R (GOV); Von Scheben, Leo (DOT); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

          Subject: Knik and Gravina Re: Meeting Wednesday August 1



         Im sure we can find time - and as for Kabata, I hope folks know my intention is to
         continue to NOT support the nonsensical notion that the state can fund Gravina and/or Knik
         Crossing. If the feds can't fund these projects that have minimal public support, then
         they're not going to happen.

                                                          2




                                                                                                     PRA GSPO1_0003490
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          I am very frustrated to hear that funds are being spent on Gravina, still, yet the project
          does NOT have my support be of the funding issues , long-term.



          Mike - PLEASE tell DOT their actions   makes us look inconsistent (and clueless) and
          Federal officals will take it out on us with future funding requests be of all the
          "problems" we're having to clean up - including corruption and missplaced priorities from
          the past.

          Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



          -----Original Message-----

          From :    "Colberg, Talis J (LAW)" <talis.colberg@ alaska.gov>



          Date: Tue, 31 Jul 2007 09:17:40

          To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

          Cc:"Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>

          Subject: Meeting Wednesday August 1




          Dear Governor Palin and Mr. Tibbles, I will be in Juneau tomorrow, Wednesday August 1, is
          there a time when we could meet to review:

               The Marine Mammal Protection Act

                   The latest request on KABATA and the report I have on what is likely coming

               The plan of action I have for the VECO matter based on our last meeting, it is a two
          page memo which I would like to confirm your approval of before I initiate it.

                   Any time tomorrow would be fine. Thanks



                   Talis




                                                             3




                                                                                                        PRA_GSP01 _0003491
