Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From :                     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.gov]
         Sent:                      Tuesday, July 31, 2007 8:07 AM
         To:                        mlayman @mtaonline.net
         Subject :                  RE: Fish_and_Game


         Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
         information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
         unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
         being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
         need, suggestion, or comment.



         -----Original Message-----

         From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

         Sent: Tuesday, July 31, 2007 6:20 AM

         To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

         Subject: Fish-and-Game



         Web mail from: Mr. Michael Layman

         address : P.0 box 877428 Wasilla AK 99687




         MESSAGE:

         I have lived in this state for 16 years now and am growing very disinterested in Alaskan
        hunting. Why is that? I fully understand the tier 2 system but I dont understand the
        strange way you now grade this hunt based on income. Yea I make over 100K per year and yea
        -I can afford the meat. What about enjoyment of the hunt itself, what about taking my
        grandson hunting in this area, the real things of hunting seem lost in the interest of
        just having something to screw up. rnrnDrawing permits, do you know how dissapointing it
        is year after year to look at the web site only to discover &quot;you did not win any of
        the hunts you applied for&quot;? Under the current Random computer drawing, I have little
        or no chance, year after year the results are the same. I have sent simular email to the
        ADFG asking them to consider preference points. Most lower 48 states use this system and
        even I would have some hope of a tag at some point, If I lived long enough.I never got a
        response.rnrnDoes!

         this sound like a lot of whining? It probably is but I am very discouraged with the
        current system. This year I have decided to just buy a Bison from the folks in Delta. I
        will willingly pay the $3500 for meat with a known origin. I would gladly pay the state
        that same money for some of your tags.rnrnPlease dont respond with the usual &quot;we
        appreciate your comments and they will be passed on to the govenor&quot; Either actully
        look into this problem or delete it, dont dissapoint me further trying to be everything
        for everybody. Mike Layman



        mlayman@mtaonline.net




                                                                                                           PRA GSPO1_0003504
