Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                            Page 1 of 2


             Unknown

              From :   abaker@polarexpressalaska.com
             Sent :    Tuesday, July 31, 2007 2:45 PM
             To:       fek9wnr@yahoo.com
             Subject: [FWD: LETTER TEXT]




                I would like to take a moment to introduce you to Polar Express, a new and exciting
                opportunity for Alaskans that will provide a choice in air travel in our beautiful
                State.

                Polar Express Group LLC is majority owned by Alaskan natives, and is managed by
                Alaskan Natives and long-time Alaskan residents. Our business was conceived by
                and is owned by long time Alaskans that want to provide private and public
                charters within Alaska with a Boeing 737 aircraft that we have leased from Sky
                King, Inc. in California.

                After careful study of the intra-Alaska market, we determined that the best place to
                start is between Anchorage and Prudhoe Bay. The idea was to provide an
                alternative for the workers in Prudhoe Bay and to make more seats available to the
                residents of North Slope communities. The simple fact is that with all the work
                going on in the oil patch, it is difficult to get a seat to and from Anchorage. Polar
                Express wants to offer a good schedule, six days a week between Anchorage and
                Prudhoe Bay.

                This aircraft would be available for other charter work around the state, too.
                Larger groups that currently have no opportunity to travel except on public flights
                would find a reasonably priced alternative with just a phone call.

                The hitch is that there is a law that was passed in 1977 that prevents operators of
                large aircraft from providing service between two points In Alaska, unless they were
                already established in Alaska. That means no new big airplane operations!
                Because we want to do things right, Polar Express Group LLC filed for operating
                authority on behalf of Skyking, Inc. to conduct public and private charters within
                Alaska. If you want to read the law, you can check it out at
                httg-.//law,iustia.com/us/codes/title49/49usc4llO4.htm1.

               Within 90 days of Polar Express' start up, it is our intention to have Alaskan flight
               and cabin crews flying the airplane. All present and future jobs at Polar Express
               are new jobs and are not displacing anyone from their work. Polar Express would
               also support a host of vendors to service the aircraft and passengers. This effort
               would provide new air travel service to Alaskans, create more money in our state
               economy, and provide new jobs to Alaskans.

                We Need Your Help!

               This effort is in a public comment period, and ANY organization, entity or individual
               can comment as a matter of public record. This public comment period ends on
               August 3. If you, anyone you know, or even your employer support what Polar
               Express is trying to accomplish, then please make your opinion known to the DOT
               and the rest of Alaska!


             11/13/2009

                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0003507
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                         Page 2 of 2



               Please show your support by clicking on this link:
               https://dms.dot aov/submit/dsr)Submission cfm. The docket number is "28795" (The full
               number is OST-2007-28795). The Operating Administration is "OST." Complete the
               remaining information and let your voice be heard! Spread the word! Please support this
               Alaskan Native business by posting your public comment by August 3.

               Polar Express is working hard to give Alaskans a choice in their travel options. We
               welcome the opportunity to serve you in the near future. If you have questions, you can
               call us at 907-245-5111.

               Thank you in advance for your help!

               Andy Baker , President
               Polar Express Group LLC




            11/13/2009

                                                                                                        PRA GSP01 _0003508
