Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Unknown
       From:                     Tibbles, Michael A (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                 GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=MATIBBLES]
       Sent:                     Tuesday, July 31, 2007 6:06 PM
       To:                       gov.sarah@yahoo.com
       Subject :                 RE: Knik and Gravina Re: Meeting Wednesday August 1


       I talked to McKinnon and Leo today. Everything is still on hold on the bridge. The
       notice to proceed for the design work has not gone out. The Lt. Gov when visiting
       Ketchikan also passed along that there are funding issues and selection the most expensive
       option was definitely not viable. The road project on the island is continuing but there
       is not much we can do there. It was a federal earmark that we can not use on anything
       else. Also since the award was already made to the contractor prior to us coming in we
       would have been exposed to damages to the contractor and even paying the feds back if were
       to stop the work.



       We do need to get an update on KABATA.  I asked DOT about the article in the Frontiersman
       today.  They were confused as well and called the paper to inquire.  I was told that the
       following correction will be run.



       Mike



       Mike,



       The Frontiersman will be printing this correction to their article. It corrects some
       numbers, but remains somewhat confusing



       John



       A Sunday, July 29 article in The Frontiersman, "DOT May Change Its Priorities For Knik
       Bridge," should have stated that funding for the Knik Arm Bridge will rise if the Knik Arm
       Bridge and Toll Authority can organize private sector and public funding. Also, the 2030
       Long Range Transportation Plan identified $1.4 billion in annual transportation needs,
       rather than the $6 billion figure quoted. The Frontiersman regrets the error.



       -----Original Message-----

       From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]

       Sent: Tuesday, July 31, 2007 9:46 AM

       To: Colberg, Talis J (LAW)

       Cc: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Kelly, Russell T (GOV); Perry, Kristina Y (GOV); Balash,
       Joseph R (GOV); Von Scheben, Leo (DOT); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

       Subject: Knik and Gravina Re: Meeting Wednesday August 1



                                                              1



                                                                                                          PRA_GSPO1_0003520
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Im sure we can find time - and as for Kabata, I hope folks know my intention is to
        continue to NOT support the nonsensical notion that the state can fund Gravina and/or Knik
        Crossing. If the feds can't fund these projects that have minimal public support, then
        they're not going to happen.



        I am very frustrated to hear that funds are being spent on Gravina, still, yet the project
        does NOT have my support be of the funding issues, long-term.



        Mike - PLEASE tell DOT their actions   makes us look inconsistent ( and clueless) and
        Federal officals will take it out on us with future funding requests be of all the
        "problems" we're having to clean up - including corruption and missplaced priorities from
        the past.

        Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



        -----Original Message-----

        From: "Colberg, Talis J (LAW)" <talis.colberg@alaska.gov>



        Date: Tue, 31 Jul 2007 09:17:40

        To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

        Cc:"Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>

        Subject: Meeting Wednesday August 1




        Dear Governor Palin and Mr. Tibbles, I will be in Juneau tomorrow, Wednesday August 1, is
        there a time when we could meet to review:

             The Marine Mammal Protection Act

              The latest request on KABATA and the report I have on what is likely coming

            The plan of action I have for the VECO matter based on our last meeting, it is a two
       page memo which I would like to confirm your approval of before I initiate it.

              Any time tomorrow would be fine. Thanks



              Talis




                                                       2



                                                                                                   PRA_GSP01_0003521
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                              Page 1 of 1



               Byers, Gail Y (LAW)

                From :   Balash , Joseph R (GOV) ( joe.balash@alaska.gov]
                Sent:    Tuesday, July 31, 2007 8:46 AM
                To:      Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Mason; Janice L (GOV); gov .sarah @yahoo.com
                Subject: Here's the older format...

              ...sorry




              6/9/2009
                                                                                                              PRA_GSP01_0003522
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                 MEMORANDUM

                      TO: Governor Palin                                           DATE: 7/31/07
                    FROM: Joe Balash                                              PHONE: (907) 465-4022


                SUBJECT: Meeting with Alaska Conservation Alliance 7/31/07

                Attendees / Organizational Background
                The Alaska Conservation Alliance is the umbrella organization that ties most of
                the conservation groups in Alaska together under a single banner. There are
                approximately 40 member organizations. It is organized as 501(c)(3) non-profit
                organization funded by member contributions as well as donations raised from
                the large grant-making institutions around the country.

                They meet twice a year, in May and November, to organize and coordinate the
                member groups to revise strategies and identify emerging issues. ACA lobbies
                the legislature and has a sister-organization, the Alaska Conservation Voters,
                to influence elections around the state. I believe you attended a candidate's
                forum

                ACA is led by executive director Kate Troll. You met Kate this spring when she
                was meeting with me about ACA's legislative agenda. She plays basketball and
                may bring that up as a means of fostering a relationship with you. Kate also
                penned an op-ed piece supporting AGIA this past spring and she attended the
                signing ceremony in Fairbanks.

               A separate sheet listing the individual attendees and their respective
               organizations follows. They would like you to comment on and discuss with
               you the following subjects.

               Climate Change
               Climate change is the issue for conservation groups today-including those in
               Alaska. Nearly all policy items on their agenda can be tied back to climate
               change one way or another.. The leading human cause for climate change is, of
               course, carbon dioxide. As such, they are most interested in the carbon
               "footprint" of a given project, activity, or policy.
              Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




                                                                                                             PRA_GSPO1_0003523
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




               So, what can be done to reduce Alaska's carbon footprint? The biggest single
               thing we can do is get as many of our communities off of diesel generated
               electricity. Which leads nicely into the next subject.

               Renewable Energy
               The Department of Natural Resources is currently conducting an inventory of
               alternative energy supplies across Alaska. This builds on work begun by
               Renewable Energy for Alaska Program (REAP) in cooperation with AIDEA/AEA
               last year. The information is largely already in existence, but needs to be
               brought together in one place-a Geographic Information System-so that
               planners can identify what fuel sources are near to a given location and then
               match up the appropriate technology with the fuel source. Funds for this effort
               were requested and approved in the recent capital budget.

               In addition to alternative fuels, we are looking at the enormous hydro power
               potential in Southeast Alaska. AEA continues to define the feasibility of an
               intertie connection into British Columbia that would make clean, green hydro
               power available to Northwest and West Coast power markets. It is believed
               that such power would be attractive in California, where Governor
               Schwartzenegger believes they have set off the next rush-a rush for green
               energy rather than gold.

               There are some seasonal problems with hydro as well as wind. Because of this,
               these are not ideal energy sources for baseload power. However, they do
               complement each other and may be able to provide a unique combination that
               result in truly "green" baseload power. Investors with the American Insurance




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0003524
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Group (AIG) are seeking an audience with you to pursue a potential project
               that would utilize SE AK hydro and combine it with British Columbia wind and
               deliver it all via subsea cable to California. A willingness to meet with AIG
               would demonstrate to this group that you are open to innovative ideas and
               projects that fit with their overall agenda.. .even though there are a lot of things
               you will part ways over (ANWR, off-shore drilling that is supported by locals).

               Another renewable energy discussion point is a piece of legislation sponsored
               by Speaker Harris and currently resting, quietly, in Bert Stedman's Senate
               Finance Committee. It would set up a renewable energy fund that would
               support projects, primarily on the railbelt, that utilize renewable energy. The
               big question is, where will the funds for this endowment come from? One-time
               surpluses from a non-renewable resource like oil makes some sense. Another
               option may be the Railbelt Energy Fund, which lives to be spent yet again
               thanks to your line-item vetoes last month.

               While not directly related to renewable energy or climate change, there is some
               benefit to coordinated planning for electricity generation for the years ahead.
               The AEA kicked off its study of the Unified Systems Operator concept last week
               and we are looking forward to results at the end of the year. If we can
               coordinate the planning, development, and operation of electricity generation
               plants, the co-ops can identify the most efficient plants out there for future
               power needs. More efficiency means lower costs for consumers, but also lower
               fuel demands per kW of electricity. That is attractive to these groups.

               Mega Transportation Projects
               The two big projects these groups are most interested in are the Juneau Access
               Project and the Knik Arm Bridge and Toll. Authority project. Russ Kelly has
               already provided you with information on these projects.


               cc: Mike Tibbles, COS




                                                                                                     PRA GSP0I_0003525
