Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                 Page 1 of 4


             Unknown

              From :   Balash, Joseph R (GOV) Doe.balash @alaska.gov]
              Sent:    Wednesday , August 01 , 2007 12:31 PM
              To:      'gov.sarah @yahoo.com'
              Cc:       Mason ; Janice L (GOV); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
              Subject: I tried to put this in readable format for Blackberry reading on the plane
             National Review is a conservative magazine founded in 1955 by William F.
             Buckley, Jr. Published bi-weekly, it is a conservative opinion magazine offering
             views and analysis on the world's current events. National Review Online is,
             essentially, a separate publication available for free on the web. As with most
             partisan opinion magazines, it carries little corporate advertising and does not
             turn a profit. Donations, black-tie fundraisers, and periodic cruises with the
             writers and editors make up the difference.

             The last time National Review came to Juneau was 10 years ago. Tony
             Knowles was the Governor and he "crashed" the reception down at the Baranof
             Hotel.


             Jack Fowler : the publisher of the magazine. There is very little to find on him,
             although he was on the cruise to Juneau 10 years ago.


             Rich Lowry: editor of National Review Magazine. He is known as one of the
             youngest and most influential conservative commentators and analysts in the
             country. His first book, Legacy, Paying the Price for the Clinton Years was
             published in 2003 and is a critical account of President Bill Clinton, his
             character, and his tenure in office. He regularly appears on the Fox News
             Channel.


             Jay Nordlinger: a conservative journalist and managing editor of National
             Review Magazine. He is a fervent anti-communist and writes columns that are
             typically critical of the People's Republic of China and Fidel Castro's Cuba.


             Ramesh and April Ponnuru : Ramesh is D.C.-based Indian American
             columnist and senior editor for National Review Magazine. April is a policy
             advisor for Congressman Roy Blunt of Missouri. A conservative pundit,
             Rammesh is best-known for his 2006 book, The Party of Death: The Democrats,
             the Media, the Courts, and the Disregard for Human Life. A converted Roman
             Catholic, Ponnuru is devoutly religious and strictly pro-life. In the Fall of 2006,
             he opined that Republicans might be better off if they lost the election cycle,
             that it would make them hungrier and sharpen their wits.

             Richard and Patricia Allen: Richard is a foreign policy expert who served
             Presidents Nixon and Reagan. He was the National Security Advisor to Reagan
             from 1981 to 1982. Today, he is a senior fellow at the Hoover Institute, a


              11/10/2009
                                                                                                                PRA_GSP01_0003528
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                     Page 2 of 4


             conservative think tank in D.C. and is considered one of the most influential
             lobbyists in Washington for South Korean interests.


             Dick Morris and Eileen McGann : Dick Morris is a political author, columnist, and
             commentator who previously worked as a pollster, campaign consultant, and general
             political consultant. He has advised a wide variety of political leaders across the
             spectrum.

             Morris first worked with Bill and Hillary Clinton in 1978 during Bill's successful run
             for Governor of Arkansas. He continued to work with the Clintons in Arkansas for
             the next 15 years but was not a part of the 1992 campaign for President. Following
             the 1994 elections, Morris was brought in to contend with the Republicans swept in
             that year. He led Clinton to co-opt popular Republican initiatives and force
             Republicans to justify their unpopular decisions leading to the 1995 government
             shutdown. This was better known as the "triangulation" strategy. Key to this effort
             was massive early TV advertising in swing states paid for by soft money raised
             through the Democratic National Committee.


             Jonah and Jessica (Gavora) Goldberg : Jonah is a conservative commentator and
             author. He is the editor-at-large for National Review Online. He is married to Jessica
             Gavora, from the Gavora family in Fairbanks. Jessica is the former speechwriter
             and senior policy advisor to U.S. Attorney General John Ashcroft.

             Goldberg's career was launched in the wake of the Lewinsky scandal. His mother,
             Lucianne, was the one who advised Linda Tripp to record her conversations with
             Monica Lewinsky. In the aftermath, he stepped up to defend his mother against the
             attacks coming from the Clinton administration.

            His writing is often humorous and regularly picks on uber-liberal Alec Baldwin. He
            also claims credit for popularizing the term "cheese-eating surrender monkeys" as a
            reference to the French. His columns also make allusion to his couch and his dog,
            Cosmo the Wonderdog.

            Originally a supporter of the war in Iraq, Goldberg wrote in October 2006 that it was
            a mistake-a "noble" mistake, but a mistake. Interestingly, near the same time, he
            wrote that "I do not trust Dick Morris. Period." Dick Morris is one of the guests on
            the cruise that will be attending the reception as well.

            William Rusher: lawyer, publisher, and conservative activist. He was hired by
            William F. Buckley, Jr. as publisher of National Review Magazine in 1957. He served
            in that position until 1988. He was active in the campaigns of Barry Goldwater and
            Ronald Reagan. He now lives in San Francisco and remains active in political
            fights-particulary the Sam Alito confirmation to the U.S. Supreme Court last year.


            Michael and Andrea Steele : Michael is the current chairman of GOPAC and was the
            Lieutenant Governor of Maryland from 2002 to 2006. He grew up in a Democratic
            household. His mother was a widowed laundress who he stated worked for minimum


             11/10/2009

                                                                                                   PRA_GSP01_0003529
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                       Page 3 of 4


              wage rather than accept public assistance . As a young man, he switched to the
              Republican Party. He is the first African American to serve as chairman of any state
              Republican Party (elected in 2000). In 2006, he lost an election for U. S. Senate. He
              currently appears on CNN's The Situation Room.


              Robert and Mary Ellen Bork: Robert is a conservative legal scholar. He served as
              acting Attorney General for President Nixon in order to carry out the order to fire
              Archibald Cox-who had requested the Oval Office tapes of Nixon's conversations.
              He served as circuit judge for the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
              from 1982 to 1988. He was nominated by Reagan for the Supreme Court, but was
              defeated following a hotly contested and extremely partisan debate. The vote was 42
              in favor and 58 against. He was faulted for his bluntness, including criticism during
              testimony of the underlying reasoning in the Roe v. Wade decision.

              Bork is best known for his theory and advocacy of the judicial philosophy of
              originalism. Reiterating that it is a court's task to adjudicate and not to "legislate
              from the bench," he has advocated that judges exercise restraint in deciding cases,
              emphasizing that the role of courts is to frame "neutral principles" and not make
              subjective values judgments. His writings have influenced the opinions of
              conservative jurors such as Justice Antonin Scalia and former Chief Justice William
              Rehnquist of the Supreme Court.


             John and Melissa O'Sullivan


              Kate O'Bierne : Washington Editor of National Review Magazine. Her regular column
              covers Congress, politics, and U.S. domestic policy. She is the author of Women Who
              Make the World Worse: and How Their Radical Feminist Assault Is Ruining Our
              Schools, Families, Military, and Sports.


             Ed and Marge Capano : Ed has been Publisher of National Review Magazine since
             1991. He writes, lectures, and participates in seminars on all aspects of the
             publishing field. He is the co-founder, vice president, and treasurer of the Human
             Life Foundation and the National Committee of Catholic Laymen.


             Victor Davis Hanson: a conservative military historian, columnist, political essayist
             and former classics professor. He is best known as a scholar of ancient warfare as
             well as commentator on modern warfare. He is also a farmer and a critic of social
             trends related to farming and agrarianism.

             Although he reports that he is a member of the Democratic Party, he holds
             conservative or neoconservative views on many issues and has stated that he voted
             for George W. Bush in 2000 and 2004. Hanson feels that the current Democratic
             Party does not have a morally responsible approach to foreign policy and no longer
             addresses the concerns of ordinary Americans. He believes that the Iraq War is a
             good and worthwhile undertaking and that it has been, with some reservations, a


              11/10/2009

                                                                                                     PRA_GSP01_0003530
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                      Page 4 of 4


              success.


              John Bolton : a diplomat who has served Republican presidents for more than twenty
              years. In the George W. Bush administration, he served as the Undersecretary of
              State for Arms Control and International Security and then as Ambassador to the
              United Nations. The political left in this country absolutely hate him and blame him,
              in part, for the road to war taken following 9/ 11. His conservative views on foreign
              policy prevented his confirmation to the U.N. post and President Bush utilized the
              recess appointment mechanism to put him into place. Following the expiration of
              that temporary term, Bolton left the administration and is now a senior fellow at the
              American Enterprise Institute.




              11/10/2009

                                                                                                    PRA_GSP01_0003531
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


             Harris letter on special sesion                                                                                    Page 1 of 1


             Governor,
             I know it's a little late in the day, but can you commment on this letter from Rep. John Harris on the location of the special
             session? In it, he says many House members want it in Juneau but says there is a "consensus among many House members"
             that you should make the call, not them.

             So, I guess the questions would be:

             * Have you received any input from the Senate on where the session should be?
             * Do you agree with House reps who say the governor should be the one who decides the location of the session?
             * How will location be decided ? Will it be the location that the majority of legislators want, or will it be more complicated
             than that?
             * When do you expect to decide where it will be?

             I'm writing a short story for tomorrow's paper. The letter, and Harris's poll of House reps are attached.

             Thanks!
             Kyle

             Kyle Hopkins
             Reporter
             Anchorage Daily News
             (907) 257-4334
             khopkins@adn.com
             adn.com
             www.adn.com/alaskapolitics




            file://C:\ Documents and Settings \mbcalderon\Local Settings\Temporary Internet Files \OL... 11/10/2009

                                                                                                                              PRA_GSP01 _0003532
