Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                      Page 1 of 1


             Unknown

              From :   Monegan , Walt C (DPS) [walt.monegan@alaska.gov]
              Sent :   Wednesday , August 01 , 2007 4:59 PM
              To:      Palin; Sarah H (GOV)
              Cc:      Parnell; Sean R (GOV); Glass; John D (DPS)
             Subject: RFP new Crime Lab
             Governor- This is a heads up on an RFP that will soon hit the streets , regarding the new crime lab. Bad
             news first, the range we are looking at for an 85k sq . ft. lab is $100M.

             I started a new paragraph signifying allowing a little time passing for sticker shock . The good news is that
             this will replace an 18k sq. ft. facility that should have been replaced over 5 years ago . The site is 15
             acres between AST and APD , as APD occupies about 72% of the lab's work. This proposed facility is to
             catch up and satisfy this State's needs for the next 20+ years , anticipating continued state's growth. The
             lease agreement talks with the MOA is looking at a 40-50 yr. and they suggested that they can grant
             favorable lease payments if the SOA will reciprocate with a parcel they would like to lease , rendering it a
             cost neutral agreement.

             In the what-it-is-worth department , I had mentioned this project to Leo [DOT] and when he heard it would
             be for a lab, he understood and added that "labs are expensive."
             Any questions or concerns, I will be available anytime. See you in Juneau Thurs. at 3:00PM.
             -Walt




             11/10/2009

                                                                                                                    PRA GSPO1 _0003533
