Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                        Page 1 of 2



              Unknown

               From:     Frye, Ivy J (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                         GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=IJFRYE]
              Sent:      Wednesday, August 01, 2007 12:34 PM
              To:        gov.sarah@yahoo.com
              Subject: FW: couple more questions

            Governor Palin,

            I wanted to send you an email I sent to Mike a couple of days ago, and to Annette today . My email to Mike
            describes my feelings towards you , your family and your administration . I want to do whatever I can to make your
            administration the best it can be. Working for you and the state of Alaska has been by far the best experience of
            my life. I hope I can always play a role in the great things you are doing for the state . My feelings are truly heart
            felt. I look forward to seeing you this afternoon!

            Thank you for this amazing opportunity,

            Ivy

            From: Frye, Ivy 3 (GOV)
            Sent: Wednesday, August 01, 2007 8:49 AM
            To: Kreitzer, Annette E (DOA)
            Cc: miketbbles@gov.state.ak.us
            Subject: FW: couple more questions

            Commissioner Kreitzer:

            I sent Mike Tibbles the following email on Monday evening. I didn't realize he told you that I had made a final
            decision regarding the position in your office versus staying in the governor's office. I hope we still have the
            opportunity to talk.

            Thank you for your time,

            Ivy


            From: Frye, Ivy 3 (GOV)
            Sent: Monday, July 30, 2007 6:30 PM
            To: mike tibbles@gov.state.ak.us
            Subject: couple more questions

            Hey Mike,
            I was just sifting here thinking and I came up with a couple more questions to ask before I go home and talk this
            all over with my family. Of course, my first choice is to stay in the governor's office. Like I said, I believe in Sarah
            and want to do what I can to make her tremendous job easier.

           Do I still have time to consider the position with Annette ? I think Annette would be an amazing boss. I've
           always admired that she always makes a point of making those around her better at their jobs. Of all the
           commissioners, I think she would be the best mentor, and in effect make me better at working for the governor in
           the long run. I'm not just working for Governor Palin because it's the governor's office, but because I truly believe
           in her and her leadership in Alaska. I've thought about my future in her administration(s), moving to DC should
           that happen, heck, even working for Piper some day when she runs for office. I believe in the Palin's. If working
           for Annette, would make me better suited for working for Governor Palin I would be happy to do it.




            8/27/2009
                                                                                                                        PRA_GSP01_0003534
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                   Page 2 of 2


             Thanks for your time. And for the record, I think you' re an amazing boss and I appreciate the time you've spent
             mentoring me all of these months... even going back to last Fall.

             Ivy Frye
             director of boards and commissions
             office of governor sarah palin
             ivy.frye@alaska.gov
             Office (907) 465-3934
             Fax (907) 465-8110




             8/27/2009

                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0003535
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


              Bridge to nowhere Fw: Bridge                                                                                         Page 1 of 1


              Unknown
              From:      Palin
              Sent:      Thursday , August 02, 2007 7:52 AM
              To:        Talis J (LAW) Colberg; John Katz
              Cc:        Larry Persily
              Subject: Bridge to nowhere Fw: Bridge
              Truly this could provide an opportunity for Congress to start discussing the nation 's priorities... call me naive, but
              AK could/should lead in this discussion on public dollars paying for intrastucture improvements across the nation.

              Why CAN'T we offer to return the " B2N" earmark be the state can't afford the project, and the feds won't be paying
              for it - the grandious $350m bridge NOT going to happen on our watch.

             ----- Original Message -----
             From : Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)
             To: Stapleton, Meghan N (GOV); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)
             Cc: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV); Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)
             Sent: Thu Aug 02 07:24:47 2007
             Subject: Bridge

             So ironic - I told Leo, Tibbles , etc just yesterday that we MUST come out with a strong position against AK's
             perceived " Bridge to Nowhere" so we quit looking clueless and selfish across the nation and can clear up the
             perception that the Gravina project is the state 's priority . The $350m bridge is not our priority.

             The nation needs to be spending $ on fixing what we have - Minnesota needs "bridge money" today more than we
             need a few Alaskans to perpetuate the nonsensicle notion that our Gravina earmark is more important than fixing
             aged infrastructure.

             We would gain so much if we get that message out there - that the nation can pull, and work, together and make
             wise decisions on federal priorities ... we should see that earmark redirected to Minnesota 's tragedy be the Gravina
             bridge isn't going to happen on our watch anyway.




             11/10/2009

                                                                                                                                PRA GSP01 0003536
