Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From:                     <gov.sarah@yahoo.com> [gov.sarah@yahoo.com]
          Sent:                     Thursday, August 02, 2007 3:54 PM
          To:                       John Katz; Larry Persily
          Subject:                  Fw: follow up on call from Gov.


          Thanks, both of you, for your input on B2N earmarks. Just had another Outside reporter
          call to ask opinions on our image throughout nation.



          Both of you have great insights and can help us get to a better place, image-wise, in this
          country. Thanks!



          I called Rep Young. Even he isn't defending Gravina so much anymore, but is still
          passionate about Knik.

          Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



          -----Original Message-----

          From:   " Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)" < mike . tibbles@alaska.gov>



          Date: Thu, 02 Aug 2007 15:08:20

          To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

          Subject: FW: follow up on call from Gov.




          FYI




          From: Price, Jeremy [mailto:Jeremy.Price@mail.house.gov)

           Sent: Thursday, August 02, 2007 2:36 PM

           To: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)

           Subject: follow up on call from Gov.



          Mike, Gov. Palin spoke with Congressman Young this morning about her concerns regarding
          funding for the Minneapolis bridge tragedy.  Please inform the Gov. that Congressman




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0003538
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Young's friend and colleague and the new chairman of the House Transportation Committee,
          James Oberstar of Minnesota, rushed a bill through the Committee today that would take
          $250 million from the general treasury rather than the Highway Trust Fund to go towards
          the Minneapolis bridge reconstruction.  Coincidentally, when Congressman Young was the
          chairman of Transportation, he and Congressman Oberstar made an emergency account for
          situations like this in the SAFETEA-LU highway law. Unfortunately, tragedies like the
          bridge collapse in California have drained the emergency funding from that account. So,
          please let the Gov. know that Congress will be sure that the folks in Minnesota will be
          taken care of.



          Thanks,



          Jeremy



          Jeremy Price

           Legislative Assistant

           Congressman Don Young

           2111 Rayburn HOB

           202-225-5765




                                                        2




                                                                                                   PRA GSPO1_0003539
