Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governorc@alaska.gov]
           Sent:                     Thursday, August 02, 2007 3:03 PM
           To:                       Savland ; Monica L (GOV)
           Cc:                       Frye; Ivy J (GOV)
           Subject:                  FW: Legal-and-lawsuits




           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us)

           Sent: Wednesday, August 01, 2007 10:23 PM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Legal-and-lawsuits



           Web mail from: Scott Egger

           address: PO BOX 39097 Ninilchik AK 99639

            (907) 567-3253




           MESSAGE:

          Attention "IVY" (Ms. Palin's aid) and/or Gov. Palin,    --- Ivy, I spoke to Gov. Palin in
          May of 06 in Ninilchik at the Senior Center there. And again at the Seward 'train wreck'
          in August for her pre-election get together. I spoke to both of you briefly about serious
          wrongdoing within the City of Seward. I had serious concerns of illegal and unethical
          behavior by City of Seward officials. In Nov-December my wife and I went to the FBI office
          and Dept of Labor fraud division in Anchorage to report certain events that we saw
          happening in Seward. We reported on names that are now coming up on a regular basis on
          talk radio and the news. My whistleblowing activities seem to have resulted in my
          termination from employment, loss of health care, blackballing from former employers that
          I had worked for on numerous occasions previously, the neccessary sale of my home there
          that we had just remodeled because the City filed a lawsuit against my property after
          firing me, and needless to s!

          ay, enormous stress on my wife and I. This has all been maliciously done by certain
          specific individuals in control of the City's administration to stop me from opening up
          public govt files. At one point I was actually assaulted in the firth degree by the Ass.
          City Mngr. for asking for a certain document. I have to ask you, do we not expect the Rule
          of Law to be followed by City officials? I have given Ivy documents months ago. I have
          been to the FBI with information. I have emailed numerous times and been to the Dept of
          Labor Fraud Division. I have yet to hear back from anyone. The corruption, cronyism,
          nepotism, kickbacks,etc is rampant in Seward. It is, and has been one of the prime feeding
          troughs for dirty money. Especially Federal money. The City officials attack and destroy
          anyone who questions them and reward employees to the point of looking the other way for
          their illegal activities -like selling cocaine out of the City vehicles during working
          hours. I witnessed it.!

            I have pics of cocaine in the City truck. Where is the rule

          of law? The man involved now has my old foremans position. How can this be? I am still
          trying to resolve my situation with the State Dept of Labor over what the City and their
                                                                  1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0003542
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           insurer did to me. I implore Gov. Palin to support me by ordering full scrutiny over my
           situation with the Dept of Labor fraud investigation and the Dept of Work Comp. I have
           another hearing with the Work Comp Dept next Monday, Aug.6th. Gov't, -local, or other
           level, can not be allowed to abuse their position of power like they have against myself
           and to a lesser extent, others. I stuck my neck out, never believing things could actually
           go this far without SOMEONE saying ... Whoa, whats going on here? Where is the help for the
           regular working man and citizen of Alaska who was just doing his job and keeping an eye on
           his public officials? Please respond to this email. The Seward citizens and my family need
           your help.      Scott Egger- Ninilchik, Ak. 99639 phone567-3253



           cod@acsalaska.net




                                                         2




                                                                                                    PRA GSP0I_0003543
