Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
          From :                     Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored) [ govpalin@alaska.gov]
          Sent:                      Thursday, August 02, 2007 7:50 AM
          To:                        Balash ; Joseph R (GOV)
          Subject:                   Fw: Bridge to nowhere Fw: Bridge




           ----- Original Message -----

          From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

          To: 'gov.sarah@yahoo.com' <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

          Sent : Thu Aug 02 07:48 :43 2007

          Subject: Fw: Bridge to nowhere Fw: Bridge




          ------Original Message------

          To: Talis J Colberg

          To: John Katz

          Cc: Larry A Persily

          Sent : Aug 2, 2007 7:31 AM

          Subject: Bridge to nowhere Fw: Bridge



          Truly this could provide an opportunity for Congress to start discussing the nation's
          priorities... call me naive, but AK could/should lead in this discussion on public dollars
          paying for intrastucture improvements across the nation.



          Why CAN'T we offer to return the "B2N" earmark be the state can't afford the project, and
          the feds won't be paying for it - the grandious $350m bridge NOT going to happen on our
          watch.



          ------Original Message------

          To: Meghan N Stapleton

          To: Sharon W Leighow

          Cc: Kristina Y Perry

          Cc: Michael A Tibbles

          Sent: Aug 2, 2007 7:24 AM

          Subject: Bridge
                                                                   1




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0003549
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         So ironic - I told Leo , Tibbles , etc just yesterday that we MUST come out with a strong
         position against AK ' s perceived "Bridge to Nowhere " so we quit looking clueless and
         selfish across the nation and can clear up the perception that the Gravina project is the
         state's priority . The $350m bridge is not our priority.



         The nation needs to be spending $ on fixing what we have - Minnesota needs "bridge money"
         today more than we need a few Alaskans to perpetuate the nonsensicle notion that our
         Gravina earmark is more important than fixing aged infrastructure.



         We would gain so much if we get that message out there - that the nation can pull, and
         work, together and make wise decisions on federal priorities... we should see that earmark
         redirected to Minnesota's tragedy be the Gravina bridge isn't going to happen on our watch
         anyway.




                                                        2




                                                                                                   PRA_GSP01 _0003550
