Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From :                    Balash, Joseph R (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                   GROU P/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=JRBALASH]
         Sent:                     Thursday, August 02, 2007 11:08 PM
         To:                       Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored)
         Subject:                  Here is the text of the letter/response to Harris




         August 2, 2007



         The Honorable John Harris

         Speaker of the House

         716 West 4th Avenue, Suite 300

         Anchorage, AK 99501-2133



         Dear Speaker Harris:



         I would like to take this opportunity to respond to your May 7 letter offering your
         support and cooperation with regard to matters related to the Petroleum Profits Tax (PPT).
         It was a pleasure reading that we are on the same page regarding the need to revisit PPT
         this year.



         As you requested, I looked into the process in which the PPT was adopted, and I directed
         the Department of Revenue to review the implementation of PPT. Examination of the public
         records associated with the public corruption probe and indictments surrounding the
         passage of PPT last year provide sufficient evidence to conclude that the outcome of the
         PPT vote was a result of undue influence. In the interest of maintaining the public
         integrity of our tax system, the legislature should revisit PPT as soon as possible.



         Attached is a status report on the performance of PPT to date recently completed by the
         Department of Revenue.  As you can see, the performance of our new production tax law has
         fallen short of the goals and objectives touted by its proponents last year. Not only is
         the new tax resulting in far lower tax receipts than was originally estimated, the
         investment incentives incorporated into the new system have proven less valuable to
         explorers than was predicted when the bill was passed. This is unacceptable. Declining
         North Slope oil production is the most critical revenue issue facing Alaska today. It is
         imperative that the state provide incentives to explorers to take the risks necessary to
         discover new sources of oil production.



         Having reviewed the process leading up to the adoption of the PPT as well as its
         performance, I am left with no other conclusion than to remain committed to call a special
         session.



         This is no time for politics and rhetoric . Rather it' s time for good, sound policy that
         puts the interests of Alaska first. We can ill afford to undervalue a nonrenewable
                                                               1



                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0003556
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        resource such as oil. However, if care is not taken, we jeopardize our long-term
        prosperity.  I am confident we can work together to develop a law that balances an
        appropriate share of revenue generated from our petroleum resources with an attractive
        investment climate.



        No doubt, there will be critics to whatever proposal is put forward and as we both know it
        is easy to posture and find fault. However, it will take real leadership committed to
        find the right solution for the long-term. I urge you and all your colleagues in the
        Legislature to join me in showing Alaskans that we can demonstrate leadership by working
        together for the common good of our state.



        With these thoughts in mind, it is my intention to call a special session of the Alaska
        State Legislature on October 18. I have directed the Department of Revenue to prepare a
        proposal to respond to the substantive deficiencies with PPT. I expect a proposal ready
        for release to the public by September 4. This will provide more than 40 days for the
        public and legislature to become familiar with the proposal before the special session
        begins.



        I look forward to your continued support and cooperation.



                                               Sincerely,




                                               Sarah Palin

                                               Governor

        -----Original Message-----

        From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

        Sent: Thursday, August 02, 2007 10:41 PM

       To: Balash, Joseph R (GOV)

       Subject: Re: Correct



       Terrific



       ----- Original Message -----

       From: Balash, Joseph R (GOV)

       To: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

       Cc: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)

       Sent: Thu Aug 02 22:40:31 2007

       Subject: RE: Correct


                                                                 2




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0003557
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Gov:



        We will have a report from Pat outlining some of the deficiencies of PPT as it has been
        implemented.  It is attached. There is a chart/graph in the report that we will have
        blown up for the press conference, too.



        We are working on talking points for you (and him) to use tomorrow morning.



        Joe



         -----Original Message-----

         From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

        Sent: Thursday, August 02, 2007 10:31 PM

        To: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)

        Cc: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Galvin, Patrick S (DOR); Balash, Joseph R (GOV); Rutherford,
        Martha K (DNR); Irwin, Tom E (DNR); Nizich, Michael A (GOV)

         Subject: Correct



        Sharon- would u correct with Steve Quinn the fact that I've only traveled outside once
        since session ended? He wrote online (will be printed tomorrow) that I've spent my time
        traveling out of state during the interim. The correction is I was in Michigan for the two
        days before traveling to Kuwait, but otherwise have been wrking from Anchorage and
        traveling within the state.



        Also, ktuu made it sound like we'll have details on sp sess tomorrow, incl location and
        incl Pat's analysis. He's not ready to reveal findings on that, nor propose solutions yet,
        so tomorrow's messaging will have to be well thought out. We also dont have location
        chosen yet either as fairbanks and Anchorage will hopefully be competing for the session
        (Kris spoke with mayor whittaker on this, I haven't heard yet if anything was decided from
        their conversation and/or other conversations with the Capt Cook in Anchorage...).




         I'll cc the others so they can help with messaging for tomorrow . I will focus on taking up
         Speaker Harris' request to revisit ppt back many weeks ago and the reasons he gave then as
         to why leggies need a sp session.




                                                       3



                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0003558
