Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                               Page 1 of 2



              Unknown

              From:     Kreitzer, Annette E (DOA) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                        GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=AEKREITZER]
              Sent:     Thursday, August 02, 2007 3:12 PM
              To:       'gov.sarah@yahoo.com'; Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
              Subject: First Class travel

            Governor:

            I may have misunderstood, and perhaps read more into the situation early on, but it
            seemed you made a statement about not flying first class and I believed you wanted
            Commissioners to take that to heart.

            With that in mind, and with the following statute, I need some policy direction from
            you. I have bolded the most relevant parts, but you need to read it in context, of
            course.


            Sec. 39.20.140. Travel costs and travel outside the state.

            -(a) The Department of Administration may not pay an official or employee for per diem or
            transportation costs unless the travel is clearly necessary to benefit the state.

            -(b) The Department of Administration may not reimburse an official or employee or pay for
            more than the lowest tourist class fare for the most direct route unless

            -(1) tourist class accommodation is not available;

            -(2) waiting for tourist class accommodation would occasion a delay harmful to the state; or

            -(3) the Department of Administration finds that travel by tourist class accommodation is not
            in the best interest of the state, and authorizes other accommodation.

            -(c) When the Department of Administration authorizes more expensive travel under (b)(3) of
            this section, it shall file a justification for that authorization with the travel voucher. When fares
            other than tourist class are authorized under (b) of this section, the Department of Administration may
            not reimburse the official or employee or pay for more than the lowest first class fare available.

            -(d) Officials and employees are authorized to travel only the least number of days necessary to
            transact the business involved, to secure return passage, and to return.

           -(e) Every official and employee shall, unless otherwise authorized by law to travel outside the state,
           obtain prior approval for travel outside the state from the head of the official's or employee's department
           or from an immediate supervisor, or from the Department of Administration if the official or employee
           is not within a department or is not under the direct supervision of an official or supervisor. If an
           employee deviates materially from the travel authorized under this section, the employee must obtain
           approval for the deviation from the person who approved the travel before the Department of
           Administration may reimburse the employee for the travel.


            8/28/2009
                                                                                                               PRA_GSP01_0003563
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                               Page 2 of 2


             Sec. 39.20.160. Regulations.

             The fixing and payment under AS 39.20.110.- 39.20.170 of travel and per diem allowances and of
             advances and recovery and reimbursement of travel expenses shall be in accordance with regulations
             adopted by the commissioner of administration . The regulations shall be uniform for all officials
             and employees, and all agencies and departments . The regulations shall also govern the use of public
             transportation facilities by officials and employees. The regulations relate to the internal management of
             state agencies and their adoption is not subject to AS 44.62 (Administrative Procedure Act).




            When I fly coach, I have been telling people (it comes up) that since the Governor flies coach, the
            Commissioners fly coach. Apparently, this is not the case. I have a request from one department in
            front of me for the Commissioner, Deputy and another employee to have all flights booked full fare so
            that they can be upgraded to first class. As I read the above statute, that is inconsistent. It also seems
            inconsistent with the appearance you have tried hard to give of us not being "government insiders." It is
            difficult to travel frequently, I'm sure you are well aware, but I don't think it gives us a "right" to be in
            first class seats as a result of booking full coach fares.

            We all need the tools to do our jobs and there are some who have medical issues who might need a first
            class seat, but in general, when we all fly first class, I have to ask what that says to the other Alaskans on
            the plane.

            If you want Commissioners and Deputy Commissioners to get waivers for upgrades, I will sign them,
            but just need a little guidance here.

            ak




            8/28/2009

                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0003564
