Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown

         From :                    Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored) [govpalin@alaska.gov]
         Sent:                     Friday, August 03, 2007 12:45 PM
         To:                       Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Von Scheben; Leo (DOT)
         Cc:                       Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Nizich; Michael A (GOV); Kelly; Russell T (GOV)
         Subject:                  DOT bridges Re: Correction


         Sharon: pis touch base with Leo again ( and his media person ) to make sure they know what I
         said in press conf re : AK DOT inspecting the six bridges that are similar to Minnesota's
         failed bridge.



          ----- Original Message -----

         From: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)

         To: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

         Sent: Fri Aug 03 09:07:11 2007

         Subject: Correction




         Good Morning Governor -



          Steve Quinn will clarify the fact that you have only traveled outside once (since session)
          in the next story that moves on the AP. That will be at about 11:15 ref: special session.




          I watched the 5 6 and 10 Channel 2 report. The fact that you will announce a date and
          poll lawmakers on where to have the session is definitely " releasing details".  Also,
          Tibbles says the revenue report can be released . I think we are fine .  I reiterated to
          all of the reporters who called yesterday that you have never wavered on a special session
          and that you favor having it somewhere on the road system.



          I just got a call from the D.O.T.   The Feds are asking all states that have bridges with
          the same design as the one that collapsed in Minnesota to inspect them ASAP. Alaska has 5
          of them. If you could make a brief announcement as the press conference gets underway
          that would be great. I will have info for you. Not that you have to be reminded - but
          please add that your thoughts and prayers are with the families of this horrific tragedy.




          Thanksl




                                                                   1




                                                                                                               PRA GSP01_0003570
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         -----Original Message-----

         From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

        Sent : Thursday, August 02, 2007 10:31 PM

        To: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)

        Cc: Tibbles , Michael A (GOV); Galvin, Patrick S ( DOR); Balash ,      Joseph R     (GOV); Rutherford,
        Martha K ( DNR); Irwin , Tom E ( DNR); Nizich , Michael A (GOV)

        Subject: Correct




        Sharon- would u correct with Steve Quinn the fact that I've only traveled outside once
        since session ended? He wrote online (will be printed tomorrow) that I've spent my time
        traveling out of state during the interim. The correction is I was in Michigan for the two
        days before traveling to Kuwait, but otherwise have been wrking from Anchorage and
        traveling within the state.



        Also, ktuu made it sound like we'll have details on sp sess tomorrow, incl location and
        incl Pat's analysis. He's not ready to reveal findings on that, nor propose solutions yet,
        so tomorrow' s messaging will have to be well thought out. We also dont have location
        chosen yet either as fairbanks and Anchorage will hopefully be competing for the session
        (Kris spoke with mayor whittaker on this, I haven't heard yet if anything was decided from
        their conversation and/or other conversations with the Capt Cook in Anchorage...).



        I'll cc the others so they can help with messaging for tomorrow. I will focus on taking up
        Speaker Harris ' request to revisit ppt back many weeks ago and the reasons he gave then as
        to why leggies need a sp session.




                                                      2




                                                                                                 PRA GSP01 0003571
