Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                                Page 1 of 2



             Unknown

              From :     Fagerstrom , Erika (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRSTADMINISTRATIVE
                         GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=EFAGERSTROM]
              Sent:      Friday, August 03 , 2007 5:42 PM
              To:        'gov.sarah@yahoo.com'
              Subject: RE: Perishable Food

           I understand about the tub, that's a bummer though. You have to do what you think is best, but I really wanted you to have a
           relaxing Jacuzzi tub. :)

           Sorry we missed getting the freezer items to you! I know you don't want things to go to waste, so next time we'll have all of
           those items boxed up and ready to go. Please let me know if freezer space is an issue. I"m not 100% sure that the king crab
           is still good, but I'll double check on Monday, freezer burned crab (or anything else) doesn't sound too good.

           We do have some steak that's packaged in single servings that I think will be perfect when you are here (they were ordered
           early this summer, so I won't send those). If at some point- we get through what's in the freezer-and you would like me to
           place an order- I think the meat packaged for single servings might just be the ticket.

           Thanks for all that you do for our state and your hard work! !

           God's strength and wisdom to you -and His blessings upon you and your family!

           Have a good weekend!

           Erika




           Erika Fagerstrom
           Executive Residence Manager
           Governor's House
           State of Alaska, Office of the Governor
           716 Calhoun Avenue, Juneau, Alaska 99801
           Phone: 907-465-3500; Fax: 907-465-2031


           -----Original Message----
           From: gov.sarah@yahoo. com [mailto :gov.sarah@yahoo.com]
           Sent: Friday, August 03, 2007 12:41 PM
           To: Fagerstrom, Erika (GOV)
           Subject: Re: Perishable Food

           I think it would look bad to have a jacuzzi ordered - and somehow someone would find out and make a fuss about it.

           I'm sorry I didnt get to'round up the food! It seems like we're doing a lot of entertaining at the wasilla house - and
           Anchorage office - so I'd be delighted to take some of the soon-to-be-freezer burned food and we'll definetly use it up! I didnt
           get to it this morning be I had to get Willow to the airport by 6:00. So I can get it next time? Or somehow we can transfer it...

           Thanks for everything! It was a fast and furious trip w/a packed agenda and we got a lot accomplished. Tell Diane and Suzi
           thanks also.

           Love,



           8/25/2009
                                                                                                                                PRA GSP01_0003577
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                                   Page 2 of 2


            Sp
            Sent from my B1ackBerry(V device from Cellular One

            ----Original Message-----
            From: "Fagerstrom, Erika (GOV)" <erika. fagerstrom@alaska.gov>

            Date: Fri, 03 Aug 2007 10:47:15
            To:gov. sarah@yahoo.com
            Subject: Perishable Food


            Hello Governor!

            I wasn't sure if Willow passed along the information about ALL the food we have in the freezers. Alot of it needs to be used
            sooner then later... I have freezer type boxes that we could pack up and send off with you this afternoon, so at least it won't
            get freezer burned . Yesterday Diane and I did a quick inventory of the freezers and were amazed at how much is down
            there. The steaks & chicken needed to be cooked, so Diane just grilled all of them so you could take them with you- we'll
            settle down a bit- and let you take care of things next time. :)

            We could pack a box or two of the meat, king crab and misc. smoked salmon and lox. Just let me know if you would like to
            take some back with you. There's even quail... which I know my kids wouldn't eat, but if you had company over...

            I'll have them fix the Jacuzzi tub and the toilet- sorry about that! The tub is scheduled to be replaced this fall , as the parts are
            obsolete and there have been leaking issues - but in the mean time- we'll at least get it working correctly.

            When it is replaced, what type of tub would you like - whirlpool, soaking or just a regular tub? If I don't hear back about the
            tub, I'll just go with a whirlpool type.

            It was great to see you and Willow!!

            Thank you,
            Erika




            Erika Fagerstrom
            Executive Residence Manager
            Govemor's House
            State of Alaska, Office of the Governor
            716 Calhoun Avenue , Juneau, Alaska 99801
            Phone : 907-465-3500; Fax: 907-465-2031




            8/25/2009
                                                                                                                                    PRA_GSP01_0003578
