Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                       Page 1 of I



             Unknown

              From :    Fagerstrom, Erika (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU =FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                        GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=EFAGERSTROM]
             Sent:      Friday , August 03 , 2007 10:47 AM
             To:        gov. sarah@yahoo.com
              Subject: Perishable Food

           Hello Governor!

           I wasn't sure if Willow passed along the information about ALL the food we have in the freezers . Alot of it needs
           to be used sooner then later... I have freezer type boxes that we could pack up and send off with you this
           afternoon , so at least it won't get freezer burned . Yesterday Diane and I did a quick inventory of the freezers and
           were amazed at how much is down there . ' The steaks & chicken needed to be cooked , so Diane just grilled all of
           them so you could take them with you - we'll settle down a bit- and let you take care of things next time. :)

           We could pack a box or two of the meat, king crab and misc . smoked salmon and lox. Just let me know if you
           would like to take some back with you . There's even quail ... which I know my kids wouldn 't eat, but if you had
           company over...

           I'll have them fix the Jacuzzi tub and the toilet- sorry about that! The tub is scheduled to be replaced this fall, as
           the parts are obsolete and there have been leaking issues - but in the mean time- we'll at least get it working
           correctly.

           When it is replaced , what type of tub would you like - whirlpool, soaking orjust a regular tub? If I don 't hear back
           about the tub , I'll just go with a whirlpool type.

           It was great to see you and Willow!!

           Thank you,
           Erika




           Erika Fagerstrom
           E. cecutive Residence Manager
           Governor's House
           State ofAlaska, Office of the Governor
           716 Calhoun Avenue, Juneau, Alaska 99801
           Phone: 907.465-3500; Fay 907465-2031




           8/25/2009
                                                                                                                        PRA GSP01_0003583
