Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                               Page 1 of 2



             Unknown

              From :   John Katz [jwkatz@ALASKADC.orgj
             Sent:     Friday, August 03, 2007 5:34 AM
             To:       gov.sarah@yahoo.com
             Cc:       Larry Persily; Michael Tibbles
             Subject: Re: Fw: follow up on call from Gov.

            Thanks for your note. I am more concerned about Alaska' s image than at any point
            in my 38 year love affair with Alaska.

            The image factor is difficult to quantify, but there can be no question that negative
            perceptions have and will affect federal policy relating to Alaska. It wasn't that long
            ago that a large majority of Americans viewed Alaska in positive terms. A Dittman
            poll about a year and a half ago showed this.

            My guess is that in the aftermath of corruption investigations, bridges to nowhere,
            etc, the poll results would be different today. In Congress, Alaska's stature and
            credibility have undoubtedly been diminished, and certain members are now
            emboldened to make proposals inimical to our interests.

            In my opinion, there is no simple solution. However, I would like to use the
            resources of this office to assist you not only to improve Alaska's image but to
            develop creditable public policy initiatives.

           Your thoughts on the Ketchikan Bridge are a good place to start. I think we can
           make some good public policy while projecting a more responsible image to the rest
           of the nation. Hopefully, we can help identify other such issues, work with you and
           the Cabinet to develop responsible positions, and then figure out how best to convey
           these policies to federal decision makers and the general public.

           The Alaska gas pipeline is another prime example. The Palin administration has
           already had some success in conveying the message that Alaska has vast quantities
           of oil and natural gas that we are ready and willing to provide to US consumers.

           Thanks for including us in your thinking about this.


           Please note that my email address has changed. My new email address is
           jwkat2x alaskadc.org. Thank you.


           >>> On 8/2/2007 at 7:53 PM, in message <1775255535-1186098802-
           cardhu_decombobulator blackberry.rim.net-135519013-
           @bxe039.bisx.prod.on.blackberry>, <gov.sarah@yahoo.com> wrote:
             I Thanks, both of you, for your input on B2N earmarks. Just had another Outside
               reporter call to ask opinions on our image throughout nation.




           8/25/2009
                                                                                                               PRA GSP01_0003586
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                  Page 2 of 2


               Both of you have great insights and can help us get to a better place, image-wise,
               in this country. Thanks!

               I called Rep Young. Even he isn't defending Gravina so much anymore , but is still
               passionate about Knik.
               Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One

               -----Original Message-----
               From: "Tibbles , Michael A (GOV)" <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>

               Date: Thu, 02 Aug 2007 15:08:20
               To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com
               Subject: FW: follow up on call from Gov.


               FYI




               From: Price, Jeremy [mailto:Jeremy.Price@ mail.house.gov]
               Sent: Thursday, August 02, 2007 2:36 PM
               To: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)
               Subject: follow up on call from Gov.

               Mike, Gov. Palin spoke with Congressman Young this morning about her
               concerns regarding funding for the Minneapolis bridge tragedy. Please inform the
               Gov. that Congressman Young ' s friend and colleague and the new chairman of
               the House Transportation Committee, James Oberstar of Minnesota, rushed a bill
               through the Committee today that would take $250 million from the general
               treasury rather than the Highway Trust Fund to go towards the Minneapolis
               bridge reconstruction . Coincidentally, when Congressman Young was the
               chairman of Transportation , he and Congressman Oberstar made an emergency
               account for situations like this in the SAFETEA-LU highway law. Unfortunately,
               tragedies like the bridge collapse in California have drained the emergency
               funding from that account . So, please let the Gov . know that Congress will be
               sure that the folks in Minnesota will be taken care of.

               Thanks,

              Jeremy

              Jeremy Price
              Legislative Assistant
              Congressman Don Young
              2111 Rayburn HOB
              202-225-5765




           8/25/2009
                                                                                                   PRA GSP0I_0003587
