Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Unknown
        From :                     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
        Sent:                      Monday, August 06, 2007 9:36 AM
        To:                        m.a.hamann@att.net
        Subject :                  RE: Military_and Veterans Affairs


        Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
        information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
        unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
        being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
        need, suggestion, or comment.



        -----Original Message-----

        From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov. state .ak.us]

        Sent: Saturday, August 04, 2007 8:19 PM

        To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

        Subject: Military_and_VeteransAffairs



        Web mail from: Ms. Elizabeth Hamann

        address: P. 0. Box 498 Sutton AK 99674




        MESSAGE:

        Dear Governor Palin,




        This probably did not come up during your recent visit with our troops in Kuwait. There
        are a couple of issues affecting the moral of your deployed soldiers.



        It seems the State of Alaska is more concerned with it's bottom line than the sacrifices
        it's deployed Guard members and their families have made .   Certain guardsmen have been
        asked to attend schooling when they return instead of spending their 30 day leave with
        their families.   You see , they will still be on the Federal payroll for those 30 days they
        are supposed to have with their families .   My husband and others have refused to attend
        schooling , choosing instead to spend their family leave with their families. This will no
        doubt affect their promotions since they are being uncooperative.



       The unit my husband is with is scheduled to return in October. Upon their return, they
       will first be stationed at Camp Shelby, Miss.  Some of the soldiers would like to be
       released at Camp Shelby so they can spend time with their families in the lower 48. They
       are being told that they will have to return to Alaska before they will be released. The
       officials want to have a "mandatory" homecoming celebration. Who is this celebration
       supposed to be for? The soldiers or the officials? What will it hurt if some of the
       soldiers aren't here to attend their celebration?


                                                                 1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0003594
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        As Commander in Chief of the Alaska National Guard, I am hoping there is something you can
        do to help. I would appreciate it if someone from your office could contact me regarding
        these issues . My home number is 746-5358.



        Regards,

        Elizabeth Hamann




        m.a.hamann@att.net




                                                       2




                                                                                                 PRA_GSP01 _0003595
