Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Unknown
        From :                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
        Sent :                    Monday, August 06, 2007 9:34 AM
        To:                       archie. hennessey@us.army.mil
        Subject:                  RE: US ARMY Medical Board


        Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
        information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
        unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
        being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
        need, suggestion, or comment.



        -----Original Message-----

        From: archie. hennessey@us.army.mil [mailto:archie. hennessey@us.army.mil]

        Sent : Saturday, August 04, 2007 7:30 PM

        To: famradio@familyradio.com; troman@theprovider.com; noticiasz@juno.com;
        dmoye@flashnews.com; terry@catholicradio.com; acole@marketwatch.com; timmer@premrad.com;
        gdavis@businesstalkradio.net; isabel@hrn.org; danc@igc.org; jdvorkin@npr.org;
        cochs@ap.org; space@voa.gov; wrestrepo@radiounica.com; ed@forthepeople.org;
        cesar.orozco@turner.com; yourtwc@mindspring.com; ken.pauli@turner.com;
        tommydouglas@pgatourradio.com; donmills@calvarychapel.com; mgentzkow@lonlsports.com;
        ksiv@bottradio.net; tommartin@worldradio.org; crn@clark.net; huff@libertyworksradio.com;
        staff@talkamerica.com

        Subject: US ARMY Medical Board



        I started considering joining the US Army after hearing President Bush stating we needed
        more volunteers to win the war against terrorism. My wife and I discussed closing down
        our contracting company in Tucson, Arizona, to do our part to make the world a safer place
        for our daughter to grow up in.    We decided we would join the Army only if President Bush
        won his re-election, for I did not want to fight and die, if necessary, under a country
        governed by Candidate John Kerry. We believed in President George W Bush and would do our
        part and follow him to whatever end necessary. So in November 2004 I enlisted, after
        hearing President Bush won the re-election.

       After about a year in the army, I decided that I wanted to join the US Army Special
       Forces.   I submitted my application and started my training. I finally left for Special
       Forces selection to hopefully become a Green Beret. While moving a bundle of re-bar with
       more than 50 other soldiers, one of the soldiers in front of me tripped and the rebar
       crushed me against the ground. I had pain in my back, shooting down my right leg, with
       weakness , and lost control of my bladder. At first I thought to myself, looks like it
       will take a month or two to heal up from this one. But after 5-6 months, of pain killers,
       and every medical test the army could image, I was still in no shape to perform even the
       simplest of tasks.   Sometimes I would see a new doctor, and there first response would be
       to tell me I need to be medically boarded.   So I made a list and made sure I did not
       return to see any doctors that wanted to med board me out of the military immediately.
       But after 8 to 9 months with no marked improvement, I met with the only doctor that really
       cared about what happened to me. We discussed that it was finally time and in my best
       interest to go through a medical board. At my present state, I was a liability to my
       unit, so I reluctantly agreed.   Up until this point, I was not mad, angry or upset in any
       way that I had been hurt. I always thought, "Well things could be worse, I at least have
       all my limbs and I am still alive." As the medical board initiated, there was a
       procedural briefing, as there is for everything in the military. I don't remember all
       that was said, but the main point of the brief was that practically everyone being
       medically boarded would either get 0, 10 or 20% disability. Looking back, I now see they
       were starting the rationalizing process of not taking care of wounded soldiers. Next in
                                                              1




                                                                                                        P RA_GS PO I _0003596
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         the medical board process I remember meeting with the medical board doctor, in Heidelberg
        Germany.   We met for about 30 minutes, which was mostly history taking and then performing
        a few tests .   The next step was meeting with the Physical Evaluation Board Liaison
        Officer (PEBLO).    He wanted me to look over and sign the doctor's findings, which to me
        was a bunch of medical mumbo-jumbo, but stated lower back injury in the line of duty. So
        I signed .  At this point I still had blind faith that I could trust in the US army, and my
        country, to do the right thing. What I did not realize was that this was that really
        eerie calm when the air stands still, right before the storm that rips your house to
        shreds hits .   A little more than a week later, the PEBLO called me in for the medical
        board disability determining meeting.    I was very sad to leave the army, but at that point
        I still had blind pride for serving in what I still thought was the greatest army,
        protecting the greatest nation in the world.    But as I said , Mother Nature seems at it
        most beautiful right before she unleashes her greatest wraith. I sat down with the PEBLO
        and I could immediately tell he had bad news and did not want to relay the message.     The
        PEBLO stated the medical board findings are separation with l0% disability.     I was very
        upset .  The PEBLO inquired what did you expected from the army; you have only invested 3
        years.   I expressed that I expected the Army to do the right thing, that I never
        questioned an order; I went where they told me to go, always strived to be a better
        soldier and to help those in need. I said, "I expected to fight and die for my country if
        necessary , and I expected that my country would take care of me and my family if the need
        was to arise ."   But now I am starting to see that the army is a business of the
        government , just like any other doing damage control. And like a used car salesman, the
        PEBLO tried to get me to sign the papers giving me a severance check of a little over
        $9000 after taxes .     In the last 11 months I have been able to work less than 60 days at
        no more than 4 hours per day. That was only because I begged the doctors to send me back
        to work, so I could be around my fellow soldiers. Although most days at work, all I could
        do was lay on the floor in pain, but I was happy for the human contact. So, I ,asked the
        PEBLO, " If I need a cane to walk, my permanent profile states , for the next 5 years, that
        I can work no more than 4 hours per day, stand for 10 minutes max and lift no more than 10
        pounds; what type of company is going to hire me, and how am I going to support my wife
        and child?" The PEBLO stated there was nothing he could do about it; he was just the
        messenger for the medical board. We could try to fight at an official board hearing but we
        ran the risk of losing the 10 %. As if a onetime payment of $ 9,000 is even going to make a
        dent in my future medical care , let alone assist in supporting my family at all. It is
        like the army is saying, "Thanks for your service, sorry you got hurt, hear is a used car
        that is not going to run for you."

        So I elected to go to Washington DC to present my case to the medical board in person. I
        thought to myself, once I met with the board and they see me as a real wounded soldier;
        not just a number on a piece of paper, the board would do the right thing and give me at
        least a 30% disability. 30% is the magic number where I would be medically retired, and
        therefore have medical coverage for myself and my family. However, anything below 30%
        would just be a severance check of a little more than $9000 after taxes.

        The paperwork that was given to me for the formal hearing stated I needed to contact my
        legal counsel IMMEDIATELY.  So I called the number given, and asked to speak to my legal
        counsel, as I only had 13 days prior to the hearing. I needed to prepare my case , gather
        any further information the lawyer needed and travel from Heidelberg Germany to Washington
        DC.   I knew it would be tough, but I had no idea how tough it was about to get.

        When I called the number given, a specialist answered the phone, and informed me that they
        were so back logged with cases, that my legal counsel would not be assigned until 7 days
        before my hearing. I explained to him that I was coming from the other side of the world
        and I needed to speak with counsel to be able to adequately prepare. Once again he told
        me legal counsel would not be assigned until 7 days prior to the hearing. I asked to
        speak with his supervisor, and he told me a Staff Sergeant would return my phone call.
        Even though I called and e-mailed daily, I never got a response until Monday July 23
        1930, 7 days prior to my medical board. The lawyer told me to fax him all paperwork I
        had, and to plan on discussing my case on Wednesday July 25. I tried to contact my lawyer
        on July 24, after he e-mailed me a very confusing correspondence. We talked initially at
        approx 2130, and he told me he would try to call back later that night. At about 2330, he
        called stating he was still in the meeting and we would talk Wednesday 25 July.
        Wednesday, at approx 1930, my lawyer informed me that the medical board wanted another
        medical test performed.   I explained to him, that because of the difference in time,
        everything was already closed, and I was leaving at 0630 the very next morning to go to DC
        to meet with him and the medical board.     He stated he would get back with me regarding
        the medical test, which never happened prior to leaving for DC.
                                                       2




                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0003597
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        I arrived in Washington, DC on 26 July. Met with my lawyer 27 July, the board was
        scheduled for Monday, 30 July, but due to weather conditions, my lawyer's plane was
        delayed, and so the board had to be rescheduled for the 31 July.     I had the requested
        medical procedure that morning (31 July), and a little after 1300 that afternoon, I met
        with the board. The board was made up of 2 officers and a Medical Doctor, all of whom
        seemed very fair and impartial.    Testifying to the board was the single hardest thing I
        have done in my life. The lawyer said I needed to testify to the effects that the injury
        has had on my overall daily living, work abilities and even my sexual life. Also, he
        wanted my wife to testify, as she is the only person with the personal knowledge of this
        medical condition.   At first I really did not think much about it, but then as I started
        testifying as how I was not able to please my wife any longer, somehow the reality hit me
        all at once, and I broke down crying. It took me a few minutes to recover and the lawyer
        asked me if I wanted to skip it and move on to a different subject; I continued because I
        knew the medical board could not rate my disability properly if they did not understand
        all the medical impairments I have been having since the accident. When my wife
        testified, hearing her say that it was not possible for me to satisfy her since the
        accident, it ripped my heart out of my chest. Now, in hind sight, I realize that there
        was no reason to have gone through all of this. It seemed to me the decision was already
        made at a higher level than the medical board, before we even went to the board. We
        adjourned and went out into a waiting room to wait for the board to make its final
        decision.  We were called back into the room, in about 30 minutes time, by one of the
        board members to receive the medical board decision. What I still did not realize is this
        would be the last time I would salute an officer and get that feeling inside like I was
        one of the greatest soldiers, in the greatest army, serving the greatest nation. In a
        matter of less than 5 minutes, I would come to find out I was just a number on a piece of
        paper, and the only thing that was considered great was the almighty dollar, and the
        bottom line.   I was told by the board that they had to follow the rules of their higher
        Head Quarters.   In my case, they could not use the Army Regulation (which is what my
        lawyer believed was the legal document that applied to my case, and built my case upon) to
        rate my disability, but instead would have to use the VASRD. That left my disability
        rating at 10'.

        The really strange thing is that I had no anger towards the board members, as I saw they
        have served their country honorably for many more years than I. I only felt great sorrow
        in my heart to see these honorable men having to try and rationalize the idea of not
        taking care of our wounded soldiers, our brother in arms, after they have followed every
        order given, and done everything ever asked of them without question. I realized that I
        may be the luckiest person alive. I was not, nor will I ever have to, rationalize short
        changing a US soldier that has served his country, especially after joining in a time of
        war, just to save a dollar. My grandfather always said, "The true measure of a man is
        doing the right thing, when the wrong thing is what everyone wants you to do."




       I am sending this letter to Senator McCain, the White House and the press in hopes that if
       you print it, it may open the eyes of our government officials, and change can occur to
       help our future veterans- to- be, who so honorably server our all volunteer army in this
       time of war.

       The only way currently we will be helped is if the PEB or USAPDA is forced to use the AR
       635-40 to govern our case, as we believe it should be.     We welcome Senator McCain, any
       affiates of the White House or any press interested in helping us with this cause, to
       contact us.  We will be glad to supply you with further information needed .  Currently,
       the European Stars and Stripes newspaper has run a preliminary article on July 22, 2007.

       Thank you,

        SGT Archie Hennessey

       SGT Archie Hennessey: 520-829-9171 (stateside phone # - will ring in Heidelberg, GE)

       Or e-mail at: archie.hennessey@us.army.mil



                                                       3




                                                                                                  PRA_GSP01_0003598
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        PEBLO :   Heidelberg , Germany - Mr Iulian Marcu - 011-49- (0) 6221-17-2367 or email at:
        iulian . marcu@us.army.mil

        PEB:    Walter Reed Medical Center, Washington , DC - Mr Martin - 202-782-7716 or email at:
        wayne . martin@na.amedd . army.mil

        JAG: Walter Reed Medical Center, Washington , DC - 202-782 - 1550 or e-mail at:
        soldierscounsel@na . amedd . army.mil

        Senator John McCain: 202 - 224-2235 or e-mail via website : mccain . senate.gov

        White House comments #:         202-456 -1111 or e- mail: comments@whitehouse.gov




                                                             4




                                                                                                        PRA_GSP01_0003599
