Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Unknown
        From :                     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
        Sent:                      Monday, August 06, 2007 9:17 AM
        To:                        michaei.cortezl @us.army.mil
        Subject:                   RE: Military_and Veterans Affairs


        Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
        information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
        unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
        being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
        need, suggestion, or comment.



        -----Original Message-----

        From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

        Sent: Saturday, August 04, 2007 10:56 AM

        To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

        Subject: Military_and_VeteransAffairs



        Web mail from: Mr. Michael Cortez

        address :_10219 Caribou St Eagle River AK 99577

         907 694 5181



        MESSAGE:

        Governor Palin,rnrn2 would like to thank you for visiting us in Kuwait. As a voter and a
        member of the Alaska Army National Guard it means a lot. The reason I write to you is
        there are many soldiers with us traditional Alaskans on this deployment that are from
        other states with whom we could'nt have done this mission without. I have been informed
        that we are not able to recognize their service on behalf of the state because we are
        Title 10 Active Duty. I would ask that you consider a token of appreciation from your
        office to those soldiers who served on this deployment from other states. I have a soldier
        who was called to Active Duty from the Inactive Ready Reserve and was assigned to us. His
        outstanding service with &quot;The Alaskans&quot; was extremely appreciated and greatly
        added to our mission success. His name is SSG John Nason. 117 East Thomson Drive Clyde,
        OH 43410.  His wife's name is Tracy.   Thank you for your consideration in this matter.
        SFC I

        Michael M. Cortez



        michael.cortezl@us.army.mil




                                                               1




                                                                                                          PRA_GSP01_0003601
