Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Unknown
        From :                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
        Sent:                     Monday, August 06, 2007 9:13 AM
        To.                       rambo@mtaonline.net
        Subject:                  RE: Fish-and-Game


        Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
        information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
        unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
        being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
        need, suggestion, or comment.



        -----Original Message-----

        From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

        Sent: Saturday, August 04, 2007 12:46 PM

        To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

        Subject: Fish-and-Game



        Web mail from: Ms. Kathy Thompson

        address : PO Box 298634 Wasilla AX 99629

         907-892-5084



        MESSAGE:

        I have lived and fished in the Mat-su area for about 16 years. I am a part-time guide,
        mainly on the Little Susitna River.



        I have never, never seen such poor fishing as we are experiencing now. The fish simply
        are not in the rivers, other than a scant few. Yesterday, I fished on the Little Su at
        the confluence of Nancy Lake Creek. The normal time for the sockeye to show up in large
        numbers in that confluence is around July 25. By August 1st the waters there are filled
        with sockeye, with silvers showing up.   This happens every year, without fail. So many
        fish you can see them circling and swimming. Yesterday, August 3rd, there were so few
        fish it was unbelievable.  No silvers whatsoever.   A few chum, and a rare sockeye. It
        saddens and angers me to see this devastation of the run.



       I hear excuses, such as low water (I've seen the water far, far lower... .that never
       stopped the fish),  a late run, etc. I do not believe any of that. I believe the
       commercial fishermen with their gillnets are being allowed to monopolize the fish, leaving
       virtually nothing for anglers and guides. I hear the commercial people saying they aren't
       getting many fish either. I don't know if I believe that. Regardless, whatever number
       they are getting is way too many, as evidenced by the absence of fish upriver. Will there
       even be enough fish to spawn for the future returns?



       Please don't allow this devastation to continue. The private anglers are going home
                                                              1




                                                                                                        PRA GSP01_0003602
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         empty-handed , frustrated and puzzled.  The beauty of our salmon runs up the rivers is
         indescribable .  The loss of those runs is unacceptable.



         Sincerely,



         Kathy Thompson



         rambo@mtaonline.net




                                                        2




                                                                                                   PRA_GSP01_0003603
