Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From :                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor©alaska.gov]
         Sent :                    Monday, August 06, 2007 9:04 AM
         To:                       Mason; Janice L (GOV)
         Cc:                       Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
         Subject:                  FW: Boards-and-Commissions




         -----Original Message-----

         From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

         Sent: Friday, August 03, 2007 6:57 PM

         To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

         Subject: Boards-and-Commissions



        Web mail from: Kermit Ketchum

        address: HC 36 Box 2955 Wasilla AK 99654

          (907) 376-5840



        MESSAGE:

        Sarah;rnrnl've sent this email to your mtaonline address but I don't know if you still
        read email there or not so am sending this to your official email address.rn rnI've called
        Kris and sent her an email but don't know if she has received the email or been able to
        listen to her voice mail on this subject.rn rn2'm trying to schedule a meeting of the
        Local Boundary Commission sometime towards the end of August.rn rnthe proposed Agenda is
        rn rn·         Orientation of new Commissioners;=                1. Address by Vic
        Fisherrn              2.  Address by Governor Palinrn·        Policy direction for 2007
        annual report;rn·        Revision of Commission Bylaws.rn rnI have invited Vic Fisher to
        address the Commissioners to give his vision on what the founders had in mind when
        formulating Article X of the Constitution and the requirements of the Local Boundary
        Commission.  He has responded and indicated he would be available to attend from the 28th
        to the 31st of August. rn rnI !

        would like you to address the Commission also and give your vision on what you would like
        the Commission to accomplish and what the requirements of the Commission are.rnThere has
        never been a sitting Governor address the Commission and from what I get from the
        Commissioners is they would be excited to have you address them.rn rnSince you have
        appointed three of the five Commissioners I think it would be a great incentive to all the
        Commissioners if you would take 15 to 20 minutes to address them since they all serve on a
        volunteer basis and expend anywhere from 20 hours to 100 hours a month reading and
        performing duties as a Commissioner for the Commission. rn rnI need to set a date by
        Monday or Tuesday the 6th or 7th of August for the meeting, I'm tentative considering the
        29th and 30th of August for the meeting. Since we have so much to go over I'm scheduling
        a two day meeting in Anchorage and the other Commissioners will need to arrange their
        transportation and lodging f!

        or the meeting. rn rnPlease let me know either by phone or e!

        mail if you can do thisrn rnYour ever faithful supporter and friendrnKerm rnChair Local
        Boundary Commission
                                                                1




                                                                                                          PRA_GSP01_0003605
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         pfklk@gmail. com




                                                       2




                                                                                                  PRA_GSPOI_0003606
