Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From:                     govpalin@alaska.gov
         Sent:                     Monday, August 06 , 2007 8:15 PM
         To:                       Rutherford; Martha K (DNR)
         Cc:                       Irwin; Tom E ( DNR); Galvin ; Patrick S (DOR ); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Leighow ; Sharon W
                                   (GOV); Tibbles ; Michael A (GOV); Balash; Joseph R (GOV)
         Subject:                  Re: HOT ! Issuing AGIA' Amended RFA & Press Release!

         Very good.



         It would be my desire for that explanation to go out with the original message also.

         Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



         -----Original Message-----

         From: "Rutherford, Martha K (DNR)" <marty.rutherford@alaska.gov>



         Date: Mon, 6 Aug 2007 18:50:59

         To:"Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)" <govpalin@alaska.gov>

         Cc:"Irwin, Tom E (DNR)" <tom.irwin@alaska.gov>,"Galvin, Patrick S (DOR)"
         <patrick.galvin@alaska.gov>,"Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>,"Leighow,
         Sharon W (GOV)" <sharon.leighow@alaska.gov>

         Subject: RE: HOT! Issuing AGIA' Amended RFA & Press Release!




         Governor,

         Yes, that is part of the message. However I believe the main reason we

         are extending the application deadline is that we issued a very

         detailed, comprehensive (but reasonable) Request for Applications.                       We

         did so knowing there would be questions about the application and the

         process and we asked for input. We facilitated our request for input by

         developing a blind portal that potential applicants could use to ask for

         clarifications and suggest amendments to the RFA and associated process.

        We also actively marketed AGIA to a broad array of companies in order to

         apprise all players of what the state of Alaska was doing in order to

        move the Gasline project forward. This included companies new to the

        project, and potentially behind companies that have been participating

         in the Alaska Gasline project up to this point. As a result of our
                                                                  1




                                                                                                               PRA GSPO1_0003614
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          marketing effort , and our request for input to the RFA ,             there is

          significant interest in participating in the AGIA competition from both

          "old" and " new" companies .         And some of these companies have asked for

          additional time to respond to RFA. We are honoring these requests for

          additional time to put together applications in order to ensure as much

          competition in AGIA as possible .          It is in the states interest to have

          more applicants participating .          The secondary reason for the deadline

          extension is the PPT Special Session and the need to staff it

          adequately.

          Marty




          -----Original Message-----

          From : Palin, Sarah     ( GOV sponsored)

          Sent : Monday,   August 06, 2007 6:28 PM

          To: Rutherford , Martha K (DNR)

         Cc: Irwin, Tom E (DNR ); Galvin ,         Patrick S   ( DOR); Tibbles , Michael A

          (GOV); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)

          Subject : Re: HOT ! Issuing AGIA ' Amended RFA & Press Release!



         Thanks - got it - so you think the message will be received that this

          isnt a broken promise or an unnecessary           " concession ", but that we'll

         have our hands full with ppt and special session so it makes sense to

         work with applicants during this extended timeline?



          ----- Original Message -----

         From: Rutherford, Martha K (DNR)

         To: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored); 'govpalin@yahoo.com'

         <govpalin@yahoo.com>

         Sent: Mon Aug 06 18:22:41 2007

         Subject: FW: HOT! Issuing AGIA' Amended RFA & Press Release!



         Governor,


                                                                 2
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         In case you didn't receive my previous response, I'm also forwarding

         this to these additional email addresses I have for contacting you.

         Marty



         -----Original Message-----

         From: Rutherford, Martha K (DNR)

         Sent: Monday, August 06, 2007 5:40 PM

         To: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

         Subject: RE: HOT! Issuing AGIA' Amended RFA & Press Release!



         Governor,

         Here is the cut & paste content of the press release:




         The Commissioners of Natural Resources and Revenue today issued a

         revised Request for AGIA Applications. The deadline for AGIA

         Applications has been extended to November 30. The new deadline

         responds to requests from several prospective participants for more time

         to prepare applications. The new deadline still allows the Commissioners

         to analyze the applications, take comments from the public and deliver

         their Notice of Intent to Award and Findings to the Legislature during

         its regular session.

         After AGIA passed, representatives of the gasline team made a

         significant effort to reach out to a broad array of prospective

         applicants to make them aware of the opportunity presented by AGIA.

         Lieutenant Governor Sean Parnell, who participated in the outreach

         efforts, noted that they "generated interest amongst potential new

         participants and it is in the state's interest to make reasonable

         accommodations to secure maximum participation."



         In addition to the deadline change, the RFA was also modified to respond

         to several issues identified through the RFA Inquiries website. The

        Amended RFA includes information that should help interested parties

        prepare complete applications that comply with the requirements
                                                         3




                                                                                                     PRA_GSP01_0003616
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         established by the Legislature in AGIA . The Amended RFA is available

         on-line at the AGIA documents website

         http:// www.dog . dnr.state . ak.us / agia / index . htm in both a format that

         shows the changes and a clean version.



         The issues identified through the website by prospective applicants

         demonstrate that they have thoroughly read the RFA and are seriously

         interested in providing responsive Applications. The AGIA process

        continues to progress towards the goal of an Alaskan gas pipeline

        project that is in the best interest of Alaska and the nation.




         -----Original Message-----

        From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

        Sent: Monday, August 06, 2007 5:08 PM

        To: Rutherford, Martha K (DNR); Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)

        Subject: Re: HOT! Issuing AGIA' Amended RFA & Press Release!



        Any way to cut and paste the content? I can't open...



        ----- Original message -----

        From : Rutherford, Martha K (DNR)

        To: Palin,    Sarah      (GOV sponsored); govpalin@yahoo.com

        <govpalin@yahoo.com>

        Cc: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Balash, Joseph R (GOV); Lieutenant

        Governor Sean Parnell (GOV sponsored); Galvin, Patrick S (DOR); Irwin,

        Tom E   ( DNR); Katz ,    John W (GOV); Clark, Christopher G (GOV); Stapleton,

        Meghan N    (GOV); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Persily, Larry A (GOV)

                                                             4
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Sent : Mon Aug 06 16 : 55:29 2007

         Subject : HOT!     Issuing AGIA' Amended RFA & Press Release!




        Governor,




        As requested I want you to know that we are in the process of issuing

        the attached press release and simultaneously posting the amended RFA to

        the AGIA' website.         The press release has been discussed with the COS,

        Joe Balash ,   the Lt . Governor and the two Commissioners .        I also want to

        thank you for allowing the extension to the RFA application deadline.

        The Gasline Team believes this deadline extension to be absolutely

        necessary to ensure maximum participation in the AGIA '           competitive

        process.



        Marty R




                                                            5




                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0003618
