Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From :                    Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored) [govpalin@alaska.gov]
         Sent:                     Monday, August 06, 2007 6:28 PM
         To:                       Rutherford; Martha K (DNR)
         Cc:                       Irwin; Tom E (DNR); Galvin; Patrick S (DOR); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Leighow; Sharon W
                                   (GOV)
         Subject:                  Re: HOT! Issuing AGIA' Amended RFA & Press Release!


        Thanks - got it - so you think the message will be received that this isnt a broken
        promise or an unnecessary " concession ", but that we'll have our hands full with ppt and
        special session so it makes sense to work with applicants during this extended timeline?



         ----- Original Message -----

         From: Rutherford, Martha K (DNR)

         To: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored); 'govpalin@yahoo.com' <govpalin@yahoo.com>

        Sent: Mon Aug 06 18:22:41 2007

        Subject: FW: HOT! Issuing AGIA' Amended RFA & Press Release!



        Governor,

        In case you didn't receive my previous response, I'm also forwarding this to these
        additional email addresses I have for contacting you.

        Marty



         -----Original Message-----

        From: Rutherford, Martha K (DNR)

        Sent: Monday, August 06, 2007 5:40 PM

        To: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

        Subject: RE: HOT! Issuing AGIA' Amended RFA & Press Release!



        Governor,

        Here is the cut & paste content of the press release:




        The Commissioners of Natural Resources and Revenue today issued a revised Request for AGIA
        Applications. The deadline for AGIA Applications has been extended to November 30. The
        new deadline responds to requests from several prospective participants for more time to
        prepare applications. The new deadline still allows the Commissioners to analyze the
        applications, take comments from the public and deliver their Notice of Intent to Award
        and Findings to the Legislature during its regular session.

        After AGIA passed, representatives of the gasline team made a significant effort to reach
                                                                 1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01 0003619
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        out to a broad array of prospective applicants to make them aware of the opportunity
        presented by AGIA.   Lieutenant Governor Sean Parnell, who participated in the outreach
        efforts, noted that they "generated interest amongst potential new participants and it is
        in the state's interest to make reasonable accommodations to secure maximum
        participation."



        in addition to the deadline change, the RFA was also modified to respond to several issues
        identified through the RFA Inquiries website. The Amended RFA includes information that
        should help interested parties prepare complete applications that comply with the
        requirements established by the Legislature in AGIA. The Amended RFA is available on-line
        at the AGIA documents website http://www.dog.dnr.state.ak.us/agia/index.htm in both a
        format that shows the changes and a clean version.



        The issues identified through the website by prospective applicants demonstrate that they
        have thoroughly read the RFA and are seriously interested in providing responsive
        Applications. The AGIA process continues to progress towards the goal of an Alaskan gas
        pipeline project that is in the best interest of Alaska and the nation.




        -----Original Message-----

        From : Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

        Sent: Monday, August 06, 2007 5:08 PM

        To: Rutherford, Martha K (DNR); Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)

        Subject : Re: HOT ! Issuing AGIA'      Amended RFA & Press Release!



        Any way to cut and paste the content? I can't open...



        ----- Original Message -----

        From : Rutherford, Martha K (DNR)

        To: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored); govpalin@yahoo.com <govpalin@yahoo.com>

        Cc: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Balash, Joseph R (GOV); Lieutenant Governor Sean Parnell
        (GOV sponsored); Galvin, Patrick S (DOR); Irwin, Tom E (DNR); Katz, John W (GOV); Clark,
        Christopher G (GOV); Stapleton, Meghan N (GOV); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Persily, Larry A
        (GOV)

        Sent: Mon Aug 06 16:55:29 2007

        Subject: HOT!      Issuing AGIA' Amended RFA & Press Release!




                                                            2




                                                                                                       PRA_GSP01_0003620
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Governor,




         As requested I want you to know that we are in the process of issuing the attached press
         release and simultaneously posting the amended RFA to the AGIA' website.    The press
         release has been discussed with the COS , Joe Balash, the Lt. Governor and the two
         Commissioners . I also want to thank you for allowing the extension to the RFA application
         deadline.  The Gasline Team believes this deadline extension to be absolutely necessary to
         ensure maximum participation in the AGIA ' competitive process.



         Marty R




                                                       3




                                                                                                   PRA_GSP01_0003621
