Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
        From :                     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
        Sent :                     Monday, August 06, 2007 3:23 PM
        To:                        gaynorjr@muni.org
        Subject:                   RE: Other


        Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
        information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
        unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
        being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
        need, suggestion, or comment.



         -----Original Message-----

        From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

        Sent : Monday, August 06, 2007 2:05 PM

        To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

        Subject: Other



        Web mail from: Rand Gaynor

        address: 4701 Redoubt Dr. Wasilla AK 99654

          907 343-8279



        MESSAGE:

        Honorable Governor Palin:rnl'm writing representing the Alaska Chapter of the American
        Public Works Association. We have in the past held summer picnic luncheon style Chapter
        meetings that are sponsored by the City of Wasilla and we are planning another. You have
        attended these in the past so you know the City of Wasilla folks put on a great picnic.
        We would very much like to extend an invitation for you to be our honored guest at one of
        our future meetings.  We have not set a date,we would want to coordinate our meeting
        schedule for a time when you are already in your home town. A likely time would be any
        time later in August. If that is too soon, or doesn't work out maybe next summer. If a
        non-summer date works best we could schedule a for venue that is not weather dependent.
        Thanks and have a great day being our great governor.rnRand GaynorrnPresidentrnAlaska
        Chapter rnAPWA



        gaynorjr@muni.org

        PLEASE ADD TO E-NEWS




                                                                1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0003622
