Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Unknown
        From:                     Tibbles, Michael A (GOV) [/O=SOAIOU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                  GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=MATIBBLES]
        Sent :                    Monday, August 06, 2007 2:27 PM
        To:                       gov.sarah @yahoo.com
        Subject:                  RE: New Directors of Wildlife Conservation and Sport Fish


        Thank you.



        Mike



        -----Original Message-----

        From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]

        Sent: Monday, August 06, 2007 2:19 PM

        To: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)

        Subject: Re: New Directors of Wildlife Conservation and Sport Fish



        Swanton was reco'd by someone else, not Andy Couch... but that's still ok. Sounds like
        everone's on the same page with Swanton? Dont know what kenai comm fish guys will say -
        but I assume it's good to go with Swanton.

        Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



        -----Original Message-----

        From: "Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>



        Date: Mon, 06 Aug 2007 14:06:26

        To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

        Subject: FW: New Directors of Wildlife Conservation and Sport Fish




        Governor,



        The email below was sent by Denby to his staff. Doug is the individual with a degree from
        University of Idaho (and UAF). He is well respected as a good manager and consumptive
        user.  I was in the process of final checks on Charlie Swanton. He is the one with the
        very scientific background that was reflected on his resume. We have received very
        positive feedback on Charlie. If you are OK with him, I will sign the paperwork and
        forward it back to Denby. Thanks.

        Mike
                                                              1



                                                                                                          PRA_GSPO1_0003633
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         From: Lloyd, Denby S (DFG)

          Sent: Monday, August 06, 2007 1:29 PM

          To: DFG.All.Staff; DFG.All.CFEC

         Cc: Nizich, Michael A (GOV); Crome, Cora J (GOV); Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); CJudkins;
        mmmmorris@hotmail.com

          Subject: New Directors of Wildlife Conservation and Sport Fish




        Folks:




        I am pleased and honored to announce the appointment of two division director positions:
        Doug Larsen has accepted the position as Director of Wildlife Conservation and Charlie
        Swanton has accepted the position of Director of Sport Fish.



        Doug comes to us with degrees from the University of Idaho and the University of Alaska-
        Fairbanks.  He has served with the Cooperative Wildlife Research Unit at UA-F and, since
        1984, in various positions (from proverbial Ketchikan to Kotzebue) with the Division of
        Wildlife Conservation.  Most recently, Doug served five years as the division's assistant
        director and four years as the Southeast Regional Supervisor.



        Charlie has earned degrees from the University of Alaska-Fairbanks and the University of
        Washington.  He began his career with ADF&G in various research positions with the
        Division of Commercial Fisheries, but more recently has been the regional management
        supervisor and Southeast Regional Supervisor with the Division of Sport Fish. Charlie's
        career has given him exposure to fisheries in the Chignik and Kodiak areas, throughout the
        broad Arctic-Yukon-Kuskokwim region based out of Fairbanks, and in SE Alaska.



       Both these career biologists bring broad experience and strong enthusiasm to their posts.
        I hope all of you will be looking forward to working with them as much as I am. Doug is
       off for a several-day float trip down the Yukon, so he will begin his new duties about
       August 17.  Charlie will officially take his new post about August 11.



       I want to thank everyone for their interest and indulgence during the selection process.
        And please offer your welcome, congratulations and assistance to Doug and Charlie as they
       take on these new challenges.



                                                         2




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0003634
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Thanks again, and have fun, DL.




        Denby S. Lloyd

        Commissioner

        Alaska Department of Fish and Game

        P.O. Box 115526

        Juneau , AK 99811-5526

        907-465-4719




                                                      3
