Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                    Page 1 of 2



               Unknown
               From :    Tibbles, Michael A (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU= FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                         GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=MATIBBLES]
               Sent:     Monday, August 06 , 2007 2:06 PM
               To:       gov. sarah @yahoo.com
               Subject: FW: New Directors of Wildlife Conservation and Sport Fish

             Governor,

             The email below was sent by Denby to his staff. Doug is the individual with a degree from University of Idaho
             (and UAF). He is well respected as a good manager and consumptive user . I was in the process of final checks
             on Charlie Swanton . He is the one with the very scientific background that was reflected on his resume. We
             have received very positive feedback on Charlie . If you are OK with him, I will sign the paperwork and forward it
             back to Denby. Thanks.
             Mike


             From: Lloyd, Denby S (DFG)
            Sent: Monday, August 06, 2007 1:29 PM
            To: DFG.All.Staff; DFG.AII.CFEC
            Cc: Nizich, Michael A (GOV); Crome, Cora J (GOV); Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); CJudkins;
            mmm_morris@hotmail.com
            Subject : New Directors of Wildlife Conservation and Sport Fish



            Folks:

            I am pleased and honored to announce the appointment of two division director positions: Doug Larsen
            has accepted the position as Director of Wildlife Conservation and Charlie Swanton has accepted the
            position of Director of Sport Fish.

            Doug comes to us with degrees from the University of Idaho and the University of Alaska-Fairbanks.
             He has served with the Cooperative Wildlife Research Unit at UA-F and, since 1984, in various
            positions (from proverbial Ketchikan to Kotzebue) with the Division of Wildlife Conservation. Most
            recently, Doug served five years as the division ' s assistant director and four years as the Southeast
            Regional Supervisor.

            Charlie has earned degrees from the University of Alaska-Fairbanks and the University of Washington.
             He began his career with ADF&G in various research positions with the Division of Commercial
            Fisheries, but more recently has been the regional management supervisor and Southeast Regional
            Supervisor with the Division of Sport Fish. Charlie's career has given him exposure to fisheries in the
            Chignik and Kodiak areas, throughout the broad Arctic-Yukon-Kuskokwim region based out of
            Fairbanks, and in SE Alaska.

            Both these career biologists bring broad experience and strong enthusiasm to their posts. I hope all of
            you will be looking forward to working with them as much as I am. Doug is off for a several-day float
            trip down the Yukon, so he will begin his new duties about August 17. Charlie will officially take his
            new post about August 11.

            I want to thank everyone for their interest and indulgence during the selection process. And please offer


            8/26/2009

                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0003636
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                         Page 2 of 2


            your welcome, congratulations and assistance to Doug and Charlie as they take on these new challenges.

            Thanks again, and have fun, DL.


            Denby S. Lloyd
            Commissioner
            Alaska Department of Fish and Game
            P.O. Box 115526
            Juneau, AK 99811-5526
            907-465-4719




            8/26/2009

                                                                                                         PRA GSPO1_0003637
