Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From :                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                   GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=GOVERNOR]
         Sent:                     Monday, August 06, 2007 10:01 AM
         To:                       Cayce; Sunny C (GOV)
         Subject:                  FW: Homeland-Security




         -----Original Message-----

         From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state. ak.us]

         Sent: Monday, August 06, 2007 6:00 AM

         To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

         Subject: Homeland Security



         Web mail from: Mr. David Bounds

         address: 490 L'Enfant Plaza East, S.W. Suite 8027 Washington DC 20024

          2023587807



         MESSAGE:

         Are you searching for a way to make sure state benefits are going to those that are
         authorized and not to those that are not?rnMaybe the SAVE Program would be of interest to
         you.rnrnSystematic Alien Verification for Entitlements rn(SAVE) ProgramrnrnThe Systematic
         Alien Verification for Entitlements (SAVE) Program is responsible for administering
         programs involving customer access to information contained in the Verification
         Information System (VIS) database. This database is a nationally accessible database of
         selected immigration status information on over 60 million records.rnrnThe SAVE Program
         enables Federal, state, and local government agencies and licensing bureaus to obtain
         immigration status information they need in order to determine a non-citizen applicant's
         eligibility for many public benefits. The Program also administers employment verification
         pilot programs that enable employers to quickly and easily verify the work authorization
         of their newly hired employees!

         .rnrnlmmigration Status Verification for Benefit Issuing AgenciesrnrnThe Systematic Alien
         Verification for Entitlements (SAVE) Program is an intergovernmental information-sharing
         initiative designed to aid eligibility workers in determining a non-citizen applicant's
         immigration status, and thereby ensure that only entitled non-citizen applicants receive
         Federal, state, or local public benefits and licenses. The SAVE Program is an information
         service for benefit issuing agencies, institutions, licensing bureaus, and other entities.
         The SAVE Program does not make determinations on any non-citizen applicant's eligibility
         for a specific benefit or license.rnrnLegal BasisrnrnCongress passed the Immigration
         Reform and Control Act of 1986 (IRCA), P.L. 99-603, which required the former Immigration
         and Naturalization Service (now Department of Homeland Security (OHS), effective March 1,
         2003) to establish a system for verifying the immigration status of non-citizen applicants
         for, an!

         d recipients of, certain types of federally funded benefits,

         and to make the system available to Federal, state, and local benefit issuing agencies and
         institutions that administer such benefits. U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services
                                                                1



                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0003638
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        (USCIS) is the DHS agency responsible for administering the SAVE Program. The IRCA, as
        amended, mandates the following programs and overseeing agencies to participate in the
        verification of an applicant's immigration status: the Temporary Assistance to Needy
        Families (TANF) Program, the Medicaid Program, and certain Territorial Assistance Programs
        (U.S. Department of Health and Human Services); the Unemployment Compensation Program
        (U.S. Department of Labor); Title IV Educational Assistance Programs (U.S. Department of
        Education); and certain Housing Assistance Programs (U.S. Department of Housing and Urban
        Development).rnrnThe Personal Responsibility and Work Opportunity Reconciliation Act of
        1996 (PRWORA), P.L. 104-193, 110 Stat. 2168, also required that the Attorney General
        establish regulations an!

        d interim guidance for the verification of immigration status of persons applying for
        "Federal public benefits". The Department of Justice issued interim guidance in 1997. See
        "Interim Guidance on Verification of Citizenship, Qualified Alien Status and Eligibility
        Under Title IV of [PRWORA]", 62 Federal Register 6,344-02 (Nov. 17, 1997). This guidance
        is for any entity administering a non-exempt Federal public benefit, other than non-profit
        charitable organizations, and is not limited to the agencies and programs specified in
        IRCA.rnrnThe PRWORA created a very complex set of eligibility requirements that cannot be
        easily summarized . These requirements continue to be regularly amended by Congress. The
        PRWORA did not affirmatively make any person eligible for any benefit. Rather, it placed a
        new set of limitations on non-citizen eligibility on top of any program-specific
        requirements ( some of which may have limited non-citizen eligibility). With certain
        exceptions, PRWORA made!

         non-citizens who are not &quot;qualified aliens&quot; inelig!

        ible for Federal public benefits, and aliens who are not qualified aliens, lawful
        nonimmigrants, or aliens paroled into the United States under Section 212(d)(5) of the
        Immigration and Nationality Act (INA) for less than one year ineligible for state or local
        public benefits. There are also limitations on the eligibility of qualified aliens for
        certain benefits, again with exceptions.rnrnThe PRWORA, as amended by the Illegal
        Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 (IIRIRA), P.L. 104-208, and
        the Balanced Budget Act of 1997 (BBA), P.L. 105-33, 8 U.S.C. 1642, defines a
        &quot;qualified alien&quot; as:rnrnan alien who is lawfully admitted for permanent
        residence under the INA; rnan alien who is granted asylum under Section 208 of the INA;
        rna refugee who is admitted to the United States under Section 207 of the INA; rnan alien
        who is paroled into the United States under Section 212(d)(5) of the INA for a period of
        at least 1 year; rnan alien whose deportation!

        is being withheld under Section 243(h) of the INA (as in effect prior to April 1, 1997)
       or whose removal has been withheld under Section 241(b)(3); rnan alien who is granted
       conditional entry pursuant to Section 203(a)(7) of the INA as in effect prior to April 1,
       1980; rnan alien who is a Cuban/Haitian Entrant as defined by Section 501(e) of the
       Refugee Education Assistance Act of 1980; and rnan alien who has been battered or
       subjected to extreme cruelty, or whose child or parent has been battered or subject to
       extreme cruelty. rnThe PRWORA restrictions do not apply to all Federal, state, and local
       funded activities or programs; they apply only to non-exempt &quot;Federal public
       benefits&quot; and &quot;state and local public benefits.&quot; Therefore, benefit
       providers should first determine whether the particular program they administer is
       providing a &quot;Federal public benefit&quot; or a &quot;state and local public
       benefit&quot; for which Title IV of PRWORA or other a!

       pplied laws requires non-citizen eligibility .     For example, em!

       ergency medical care and certain forms of disaster relief are exempt, as are other key
       benefits. If an agency requires further assistance in determining whether a specific
       benefit it administers is a Federal, state, or local public benefit, it should contact the
       overseeing Federal, state, or local Government agency, as that agency would be in the best
       position to make that determination.rnrnWith certain exceptions, the PRWORA defines
       &quot;Federal public benefit&quot; as:rnrnany grant, contract, loan, professional license,
       or commercial license provided by an agency of the United States or by appropriated funds
       of the United States; and rnany retirement, welfare, disability, public or assisted
       housing, post-secondary education, food assistance, unemployment benefit, or any other
       similar benefit for which payments or assistance are provided to an individual, household,
       or family eligibility unit by an agency of the United States or by appropriated funds of
       the United States. !

                                                      2



                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0003639
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        rnThe PRWORA ' s definition of &quot;state and local public benefit & quot; parallels the
        definition of Federal public benefit , except that it substitutes & quot ; state or local
        government & quot ; for &quot ; the United States .& quot; State or local public benefits do not
        include Federal public benefits ; therefore , a benefit cannot meet both definitions. If a
        benefit qualifies as a &quot ; Federal public benefit ,& quot ; it is not a &quot ; state or
        local public benefit & quot ; regardless of whether state or local funding is also
        involved . rnrnThe IIRIRA requires the former Immigration and Naturalization Service, now
        Department of Homeland Security , to respond to inquiries by Federal , state , and local
        benefit issuing agencies and institutions seeking to verify or determine the citizenship
        or immigration status of any individual within the jurisdiction of the agency for any
        lawful purpose . The SAVE Program's automated and manual verification processes provide
        Federal , state, and local benefit is!

         suing agencies and institutions with information which will a!

        ssist them in determining an individual ' s eligibility under Title IV of PRWORA.rnrnThe
        REAL ID Act of 2005 , Division B of Public Law 109-13 , May 11, 2005 , established certain
        minimum standards for the issuance of state - issued driver's licenses and state - issued
        identification cards in order for those documents to be acceptable for Federal purposes.
        To meet the requirements of the REAL ID Act, by May 11, 2008, states must , among other
        things , verify the lawful status of every driver ' s license and identification card
        applicant . Section 202 ( a) of the Act prohibits federal agencies from accepting for any
        official purpose after May 11, 2008 , driver's licenses and identification cards issued by
        States not in compliance with the Act . rnrnSection 202(c )( 3)(C) of the Act mandates that
        all States enter into a Memorandum of Understanding with the SAVE Program by September 11,
        2005. The Act also requires that states be in full compliance by May 2008, in order to
        have their state - issued dr!

        iver's licenses and state - issued identification cards recognized by the Federal government
        for official purposes . One provision is the routine verification of lawful status through
        the SAVE Program of all non- citizen applicants for a driver ' s license or state-issued
        identification card.rnrnOther Agency SAVE Program ParticipantsrnrnWhile IRCA, as amended,
        only mandates selected programs to participate in SAVE, any Federal, state , or local
        benefit - granting authority or licensing bureau that requires verification of an
        applicant ' s/recipient ' s immigration status may apply for participation in the SAVE
        Program. The following are examples of agencies that presently participate in the SAVE
        Program with respect to non-mandated programs : rnrnDepartment of Defense Manpower Data
        CenterrnSocial Security Administration ( SSA)rnDriver ' s Licensing Agencies in Arkansas,
        California , Florida, Idaho , Illinois , Indiana , Maryland , Missouri , Nebraska , New Jersey,
        New York , South Dakota , Virginia, a!

        nd WyomingrnMohegan Tribal Gaming CommissionrnCity of New Yor!

        k Human Resources AdministrationrnPalm Beach County Property AppraiserrnTransportation
        Security Administration , HAZMAT ProgramrnOffice of Personnel ManagementrnFederal
        Protective ServicernrnStatus Verification ProcessrnrnVerification Information System
         (VIS), Customer Processing System ( CPS)rnrnThe SAVE Program has reengineered the way it
        delivers immigration status verification information to Federal , state , and local benefit
        issuing agencies and licensing bureaus. This allows the user to make faster benefit
        eligibility determinations , which can result in cost savings to the Government and better
        service.rnrnAvailable Access MethodsrnrnVlS - CPS Web lrnrnOnce VIS-CPS Web 1 is accessed,
        the user enters the non-citizen ' s A-number to do the initial query against the VIS
        database , and within seconds , the system will respond with the non - citizen's immigration
        status / employment eligibility statement or a system message to & quot;Institute Additional
        Verification .& quot; If the non-ci!

       tizen's immigration status / employment eligibility statement is returned and no material
       discrepancies exist between the information returned from the VIS database and that on the
       non-citizen ' s immigration document , the verification is complete. The user can print the
       verification case data for its records, and close the case to remove it from its workload.
       When a user receives the &quot ; Institute Additional Verification&quot; message or when
       material discrepancies exist between the immigration document , the user is provided a data
       entry screen to submit additional information electronically from the non - citizen's
       immigration document to an Immigration Status Verifier ( ISV) for processing . Upon receipt
       of this information , the ISV processes the request for status verification and
       electronically transmits the results to the User Agency. Internet access and a supported
       web browser (Internet Explorer 5.5 or newer , or Netscape 4.7 or newer , but not Netscape
                                                      3



                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0003640
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        7.0) are required to a!

        ccess the VIS-CPS database using the Web 1 access method. the!

         Web 1 access method establishes a secure Internet connection to VIS-CPS.rnrnVlS-CPS Web
        2rnrnVIS-CPS Web 2 is very similar to VIS-CPS Web 1 except that the User Agency must enter
        the additional information from the non-citizen's immigration document up-front with the
        initial query. This includes the non-citizen's A-Number, first, middle, and last names,
        date of birth, user case number, and the immigration document type and its expiration
        date. If the non-citizen's immigration status can be verified through the VIS database,
        the system will provide the status to the user within seconds. If the non-citizen's status
        cannot be verified through the VIS database and additional verification is required it is
        automatically electronically sent to an ISV for processing. The ISV retrieves and responds
        to the additional verification request the same way as they do for VIS-CPS Web 1. VIS-CPS
        Web 2 also allows a user to request additional verification when material discrepancies
        exist be!

        tween the information returned from the VIS database and that on the non-citizen's
        immigration document. As with Web 1, Internet access and a supported web browser (Internet
        Explorer 5.5 or newer, or Netscape 4.7 or newer , but not Netscape 7.0) are also required
        to access the VIS-CPS database using Web 2. The Web 2 access method also establishes a
        secure Internet connection to VIS-CPS.rnrnVlS-CPS Web 3rnrnVIS-CPS Web 3 is also very
        similar to VIS-CPS Web 1. The only difference is that the user can run initial queries
        using A-Numbers or 1-94 Arrival/Departure Numbers. The additional verification process
        works exactly the same as with VIS-CPS Web 1. Internet access and a supported web browser
        (Internet Explorer 5.5 or newer , or Netscape 4.7 or newer , but not Netscape 7.0) are also
        required to access the VIS-CPS database using Web 3. The Web 3 access method also
        establishes a secure Internet connection to VIS-CPS.rnrnVlS-CPS SFTP Priority
        BatchrnrnVlS-CPS Secure File Transfer P!

        rotocol (SFTP) Priority Batch is another access method curren!

        tly available and is a computer match between the VIS database and the User Agency and is
        only available to very high-volume users. Batch is similar to PC System 2 in that if the
        applicant's immigration status cannot be provided by the VIS database in the initial
        computer match, the additional verification request is automatically elecronically sent to
        an ISV for processing. The ISV then retrieves and responds to the additional verification
        request the same as he or she does for all other VIS access methods, and the results file
        is transmitted back to the User Agency during the next hourly computer match upload. VIS-
        CPS SFTP Priority Batch requires Internet access, SFTP connectivity, and custom software
        for formatting queries and interpreting the output file.rnrnVlS-CPS Web ServicesrnrnVlS-
        CPS Web Services is the last available access method and functions like VIS-CPS Web 1 and
        3. It allows user agencies to submit initial queries by A# or I# and to request additional
        verific!

       ation when directed by a VIS/CPS system message , or when material discrepancies exist
       between the information returned from the VIS database and that on the non-citizen's
       immigration document. The additional verification process works exactly the same as with
       all other VIS-CPS access methods. VIS-CPS Web Services is program-to-program communication
       between the user agency and VIS-CPS using a secure protocol over the Internet, allowing
       the user agency's program to submit verification requests and receive responses . Internet
       access and commercial off-the-shelf software that enables development of a client web
       service application is required.rnrnManual VerificationrnrnSAVE verification is also
       available through a manual process if the use of VIS/CPS is not cost-effective. The SAVE
       Program also requires participating agencies, institutions, and other entities to use
       manual verification when directed by an VIS/CPS system message, or when the automated
       check or initial inspection !

        of an applicant's/recipient's documentation, or information p!

       rovided from such documentation , reveals material discrepancies. To conduct a manual
       verification , user agencies complete the Document Verification Request (Form G-845),
       attach copies of the non-citizen's immigration documentation, and mail it to their local
       immigration status verification office. Once the immigration status verification office
       receives and processes the Form G-845, it is returned to the User Agency via the U.S.
       Postal Service.rnrnVERIFICATION INFORMATION SYSTEM (VIS)rnCUSTOMER PROCESSING SYSTEM (CPS)
       rnACCESS METHODS, TRANSACTION CHARGES, AND REQUIREDrnEQUIPMENT rnEFFECTIVE APRIL 1,
                                                      4



                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0003641
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        2005rnrnACCESS METHOD                  TRANSACTION CHARGES                       EQUIPMENT
        REQUIRED rnWeb-Based                                   Initial Verification - $0.26rn(Web
        1, 2, and 3)                         Additional Verification - Additional $0.48
        Personal Computer with Internet Access and rn


                                                                     a supported web browser         (Internet
        Explorer                     rn
        5.5 or newer, or Netscape 6.0 or newer, but rn
        not Netscape 7.0) rnComputer Matching                         Initial Verification -
        $0.20rn(SFTP Priority Batch)                      Additional Verification - Additional $0.24
        Internet access and Secure File Transfer rn
        Protocol (SFTP) connectivity. Custom rn
        software needed for formatting queries and rn




                                                 interpreting the output files. rnWeb Services
        Initial Verification - $ 0.20rn
        Additional Verification - Additional $0.24         Internet Access and commercial off-the-
        shelf rn
        software that enables development of a client rn
        web service application. rnrnNOTE: A minimum monthly service fee of $25.00 is
        automatically billed to user agencies whose VIS query volume totals do not exceed $25.00.
        However, if no query of VIS is completed during the month, there is no charge.rnrnSAVE
        Program AdministrationrnrnTo join the SAVE Program and acquire access to VIS-CPS to
        perform immigration status verification, an agency must first est!

       ablish a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) with the SAVE Program, and then establish a
       purchase order with the SAVE Program contractor to pay for VIS-CPS transaction fees.
       Access to SAVE is subject to USCIS resource limitations or other legal or policy criteria.
       To request participation in SAVE and to begin the MOU process, please access the following
       website to register: https://www.vis-dhs.com/agencyregistrationrnrnFor more information on
       the SAVE Program at 1-202-358-7855.rnrnReducing the chance of non-eligible's obtaining
       state benefits and making sure they are going to those that are authorized is difficult.
       We are ready to help make that easier.rnPlease feel free to contact us if you have
       additional questions, would like to attend an Internet based Webinar, or face-to-face
       meeting.rnrnDavid H. BoundsrnUSCIS/NSRV/VERrnSystematic Alien Verification for
       Entitlements (SAVE)rnProgram Chiefrn490 L'Enfant Plaza East, S.W. Suite 8027rnWashington,
       DC 20024-2135rn202-358-7807



       david.bounds@dhs.gov




                                                     5



                                                                                                  PRA GSPO1_0003642
