Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                   Page 1 of I



             Unknown

              From :   Balash , Joseph R (GOV) [/O=SOAIOU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                       GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=JRBALASH]
              Sent:    Monday, August 06, 2007 5:50 PM
              To:      Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored); 'govpalin@yahoo.com'
              Cc:      Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
             Subject: RE: HOT! Issuing AGIA' Amended RFA & Press Release!

           The Commissioners of Natural Resources and Revenue today issued a revised Request for AGIA Applications. The
           deadline for AGIA Applications has been extended to November 30. The new deadline responds to requests
           from several prospective participants for more time to prepare applications . The new deadline still allows the
           Commissioners to analyze the applications, take comments from the public and deliver their Notice of Intent to
           Award and Findings to the Legislature during Its regular session.

           After AGIA passed , representatives of the gasline team made a significant effort to reach out to a broad array of
           prospective applicants to make them aware of the opportunity presented by AGIA . Lieutenant Governor Sean
           Parnell , who participated in the outreach efforts, noted that they "generated interest amongst potential new
           participants and it is in the state' s interest to make reasonable accommodations to secure maximum
           participation."

           In addition to the deadline change, the RFA was also modified to respond to several issues identified through the
           RFA Inquiries website . The Amended RFA includes information that should help interested parties prepare
           complete applications that comply with the requirements established by the Legislature in AGIA . The Amended
           RFA is available on-line at the AGIA documents website http ://-www.dog .dnr.state .ak.us/agia/index . htm in both
           a format that shows the changes and a clean version.

           The issues identified through the website by prospective applicants demonstrate that they have thoroughly read
           the RFA and are seriously interested in providing responsive Applications . The AGIA process continues to
           progress towards the goal of an Alaskan gas pipeline project that is in the best interest of Alaska and the nation.




           From : Rutherford, Martha K (DNR)
           Sent: Monday, August 06, 2007 4:55 PM
           To: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored); govpalin@yahoo.com
           Cc: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Balash, Joseph R (GOV); Lieutenant Governor Sean Parnell (GOV sponsored);
           Galvin, Patrick S (DOR); Irwin, Tom E (DNR); Katz, John W (GOV); Clark, Christopher G (GOV); Stapleton,
           Meghan N (GOV); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Persily, Larry A (GOV)
           Subject: HOT! Issuing AGIA' Amended RFA & Press Release!


           Governor,

           As requested I want you to know that we are in the process of issuing the attached press release and
           simultaneously posting the amended RFA to the AGIA' website . The press release has been discussed with the
           COS, Joe Balash , the Lt Governor and the two Commissioners . I also want to thank you for allowing the
           extension to the RFA application deadline . The Gasline Team believes this deadline extension to be absolutely
           necessary to ensure maximum participation in the AGIA' competitive process.
           Marty R



           8/25/2009
                                                                                                                    PRA GSPO1 _0003643
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                               Page 1 of 1



               Byers, Gail Y (LAW)

               From :     Rice, Lauren (DPS) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                          GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=LRICE]
               Sent:      Monday, August 06, 2007 4:43 PM
               To:        Palin; Sarah H (GOV); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
               Cc:      waft monegan@d ps. state. ak. us; Clark; Christopher G (GOV)
               Subject: Tiered Peace Officer Proposal

             Dear Governor Palin and Mr. Tibbles,

             Commissioner Monegan asked that I send you the attached PowerPoint presentation. He presented this to
             the Alaska Police Standards Council last week and has plans to present it at AFN, the Senate VPSO
             Taskforce (SR 7 sponsored by Senator Donald Olson) and at the proposed Criminal Justice Summit held by
             the Lt. Governor.

             Please contact us if we can provide you with any more information or if we can answer any questions.

             Thank you,

             Lauren Rice
             Legislative Liaison/Special Assistant to Commissioner Walt Monegan
             Department of Public Safety
             (w) 907.269.5591
             (c) 907.351.2722




             6/9/2009

                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0003644
  Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




Tiered Peace Officers




                                                                                                 P RA_GS P01 _0003645
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




Tier I: Watchman
Tier II: Constable
             Tier III: Cop
     Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




Current Issues:

                 Lack of law enforcement in many communities.
                    Varied standards and training requirements.
                     ®    Inconsistent criminal investigations.
                               o    Competitive jurisdictions.
                           ®       Specter of vicarious liability.
         Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




Current Peace Officer Classifications:

® Police officer is the only current, official category. Three levels:
  basic, intermediate and advanced.
   Additional public safety positions such as Village Police Officer
   (VPO), Tribal Police Officer (TPO), and Village Public Safety
   Officer (VPSO) operate with varying levels of oversight , training
   requirements and continuing education.




                                                                                                         P RAGS P01 _0003648
         Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




Current Peace Officer Classifications:

s Current system:
® Indifferent to career growth.
® Fails to provide a uniform level of service.
  Fails to ensure continuing training and competency standards.




                                                                                                        PRA_GSP01_0003649
         Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




Tiered Peace Officer Proposal:

® Authorize the Alaska Police Standards Council (APSC) by statute
  to create tiers of peace officers.
  Task APSC to create corresponding training standards and
  minimum qualifications.




                                                                                                         PRA_GSP01_0003650
        Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




Tiered Peace Officer Proposal:

m Immediate Benefits:
  u Standardizes the selection and training requirements for those
    tasked with law enforcement and public safety duties.
  u Creates a reliable, uniform level of service, training and
    competency expected of all law enforcement officials and the
    communities they serve.
  u Offers options for communities in accordance with their
    needs and means.




                                                                                                       P RA_GS P01 _0003651
        Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




Tier One - Peace Officer I:

® Officers charged with keeping public order.
  Officers charged with and trained for enforcement of
  community violations, detention of individuals, recognition and
  protection of a crime scene and evidence, conduction of search
  and rescue operations and fire safe training.
s Training and authorization will not include the conduction of
  criminal investigations and arrests.
s Examples include current VPOs and TPOs, with duties equating
  to security officers.




                                                                                                         PRA_GSP01_0003652
        Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




Tier Two - Peace Officer II:

s Officers charged with higher levels of training and authority.
s Officers charged with and trained for enforcement of
  community violations, ordinances, and misdemeanor statutes,
  misdemeanor arrests, investigation of misdemeanor crime scenes
  and recognition and protection of felony crime scenes,
  organization and conduction of search and rescue operations and
  fire safe training and operations.
s Examples include current VPSOs, with duties of limited law
  enforcement agents.




                                                                                                        PRA_GSP01 _0003653
         Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




Tier Three - Peace Officer III:

  Officers charged with the highest levels of training and authority.
® Officers currently described in APSC statutes.
s Examples include Alaska State Troopers, Wildlife Troopers, and
  municipal police officers.




                                                                                                         PRA_GSP01_0003654
       Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




Purposes and Justification: Standards.

 Establishes necessary training and competency standards for
 public safety service.
 Provides officer guidelines for municipalities, villages and other
 entities to utilize during the hiring and. selection of public safety
 agents.
 Lack of standards risks the potential perspective and/or claims
 of disparate treatment and protection of citizens.




                                                                                                      PRA_GSP01 _0003655
         Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




Purposes and Justification: Expanded Law
Enforcement Options for Rural Areas.
a Adoption of tiers allows smaller and remote communities on the
  state's road system to hire a Peace Officer I or II.
  Current VPSO statute does not allow for this opportunity.
® Selection from a variety of peace officer tiers provides a
  community. options appropriate to their specific needs and.
  financial resources.




                                                                                                         PRA_GSP01 _0003656
        Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




Purp oses and J ustification:                                  Diversified and
Efficient Workforces in Urban Centers.
a Provides for a blended law enforcement workforce equipped to
  handle the many and varied issues communities face.
s Exampled by supplementing Tier Three Officers with Tier Two
  officers to address parking and traffic complaints, ordinance
  violations , and specific misdemeanor criminal activity.
        Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




Purposes and Justification: Record
Re p o sitories and Career O pp ortunities,
® APSC currently reviews, approves and retains training records
  necessary for police certifications.
® Adoption of tiers would require the documentation and
  verification of completed training for all law enforcement
  officials. This allows individuals to build upon their existing
  training towards a higher tier and expanded career opportunities.




                                                                                                       P RA_GS P01 _0003658
        Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




Potential Questions and Issues to Discuss:

® Existing Department of Public Safety and APSC statutory
  authorities and responsibilities.
s Tribal authority and support.
· Increase workload and responsibility for APSC.
®. Responsibility and payment schemes for training.
· Labor union reactions.
s Potential surge of community requests for law enforcement.
s State employees v. non-profit employees.
· Ensuring that standards are not lowered as we seek to hire more
  law enforcement.




                                                                                                        PRA_GSP01_0003659
         Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




Summary:

  Creation of police tiers:
   Standardizes training requirements.
® Streamlines the career ladder for law enforcement agents.
s Provides varied public safety officials to meet the financial and
  logistical needs of communities.




                                                                                                         PRA_GSP01_0003660
         Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




Conclusion:

   Current system is failing to meet the law enforcement needs of
   the state.
® Alaska requires varied law enforcement to meet regional needs.
· Career progression and advancement is essential to law
  enforcement retention.
e Tiered police standards provide an. additional tool as we seek to
  protect the residents of Alaska.




                                                                                                         PRA_GSP01_0003661
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




Tier I: Watchman
Tier II: Constable
             Tier III: Cop
  Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




Questions and Comments


        Presentation to the Alaska Police Standards Council
        August 3, 2007
        Juneau, Alaska




                                                                                                 PRA GSP01_0003663
