Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                      Page 1of2


            Unknown

             From :   Ron Somerville [somerville@gci.net]
             Sent:    Tuesday, August 07, 2007 8:27 AM
             To:      Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
             Cc:      Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Nizich; Michael A (GOV); Tibbles; Kristy R (DFG); Ted Spraker; 'Paul
                      Johnson'; Dick Burely; Cliff Judkins; 'Ben Grussendorf; Bob Bell
            Subject: Appealing the Unit 13 Court Case
            Governor Palin:

            As a member of the Board of Game, I am writing to request that the state agree to appeal the latest
            Superior Courts ruling over-turning a portion of the regulations aimed at resolving our ongoing moose and
            caribou subsistence crisis in Unit 13. It is my understanding that the final decision is being made
            exclusively in the Governor's office and I am appealing for your assistance in helping us resolve this
            crisis. Although I have to be honest, I did not agree with the decision not to appeal the preliminary
            injunction ruling by the court. The Supreme Court has generally frowned on last minute regulatory
            appeals of this type and this regulatory approach was grounded in sound law and supported by previous
            court rulings. Letting this experiment run for at least one year would not have created any.hardships. To
            let this decision stand, however, would seriously undermine the Board process, establish an
            unreasonable precedent and essentially gut our attempts to try a new approach to resolving this issue.
            Without the segments the court dismantled, this approach cannot succeed.

            For almost three years the Board of Game has been addressing one of our most contentious subsistence
            issues - subsistence taking of moose and caribou in Game Management Units 11 & 13. We have held
            numerous public meetings with advisory committees and the general public, including Board hearings, in
            an attempt to establish some mechanism to resolve the notoriously controversial and disliked subsistence
            permitting system in these units. Virtually everyone agreed that the old system was not working and there
            needed to be a change. As you and I discussed at our last meeting in your office, this subsistence hunt
            does not meet the red faced test in that the hunt is being conducted by many residents in the following
            manner:

              Using a $60,000+ motor home
              Dragging $25,000+ in equipment like four wheelers
              Hunting for one week
              To kill one caribou
              Calling it subsistence

            Clearly, this type of hunt does not meet the 8 criteria established by the Joint Boards in defining the
            qualifications for subsistence hunting and fishing.

            Unfortunately, because of the court cases and the nuances of the state subsistence law, the Board has
            had very few visible options available in its regulatory tool box. In an attempt to search for new
            mechanisms to address this issue, the Board attempted to consider an "exclusive subsistence hunting
            area" concept. This approach was new, innovative and complicated. For a variety of reasons, despite
            the fact that the approach was looked upon favorably by many board members, the public was not
            supportive of this approach.

            The Board then went back to the drawing board and examined the various options available to resolve
            this issue. The Board attempted in its new regulations to: (1) implement regulations which encouraged
            some economy of effort as required in the 8 criteria; (2) direct subsistence permits to those most qualified
            residents based on alternative resources; (3) discourage hunters from applying for permits if they had
            alternatives available (i.e. other places or resources available); (4) to implement a process that the pubic
            could look on as being basically "fair'; and (5) experiment with regulatory tools that might work.

            Some residents have opposed any attempt by the Board to find new solutions to this issue. Continually,
            they have offered only one solution: Amend the state Constitution, go into compliance with the federal
            subsistence law and change the state law to comply. It is my understanding that you have opposed this


            11/10/2009

                                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0003664
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                    Page 2 of 2


            approach to resolving the subsistence problem in our state . If we have no intentions of taking that course, it
            seems we have only two options: (1) change the state law to make it more workable; or (2) use some new
            techniques like the Board of Game just attempted to do to implement a more publicly acceptable subsistence
            permitting system.

            In closing , I would like to suggest that we are all in this pit together. Second guessing the Board's
            exhaustive process and final actions with no possible alternatives and explanations does not reflect what I would
            call a real team approach . I would again appeal to the you and the Attorney General to support the Board's
            actions and proceed to appeal this latest ruling on its merits as quickly as possible.

            Thank You

            Ron Somerville




            11/10/2009

                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0003665
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


            Fw: Commissioner's Notification                                                                                      Page 1 of 3


            Unknown

            From :     Tibbles, Michael A (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                       GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=MATI BBLES]
            Sent :     Tuesday, August 07, 2007 9:30 AM
            To:        gov. sarah@yahoo.com
            Subject: RE: Commissioner's Notification
            Got it. Thanks.

            Mike


            From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]
            Sent: Tue 8/7/2007 9:27 AM
            To: Monegan , Walt C (DPS)
            Cc: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Nizich, Michael A (GOV)
            Subject: Fw: Commissioner's Notification

            Let's talk about this is cabinet mtg tomorrow
            Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One

            -----Original Message-----
            From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com

            Date: Tue, 7 Aug 2007 14:27:37
            To:"Colberg, Talis J (LAW)" <talis. colberg@alaska.gov>
            Subject: Re: Commissioner's Notification


            This has got to be very bright on our radar screen and I've got to have finding solutions to this type of rural issue as a
            top priority.

            Todd is traveling with Click and Emil to Bethel today re: job training opportunities . We know Sean is committed to
            finding answers to these rural problems/issues too. We have the right people in the right places for such a time as
            this - we just need to put it all together to begin finding answers.

            Thanks Talis.
            Sp
            Sent from my B1ackBerry® device from Cellular One

            -----Original Message-----
            From : "Colberg, Talis J (LAW)" <talis.colberg@alaska.gov>

            Date: Mon, 06 Aug 2007 07:41:52
            To:gov. sarah@yahoo.com
            Subject: FW: Commissioner's Notification


            Dear Governor Palin,
               This story is something you should be aware. You may already know
            about it.
           Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




             11/10/2009
                                                                                                                                PRA GSP01_0003666
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


            Fw: Commissioner's Notification                                                                        Page 2 of 3


         Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




                Talis


            -----Original Message-----
            From: Monegan , Walt C (DPS)
            Sent: Friday, August 03, 2007 2:39 PM
            To: Colberg, Talis J (LAW); Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)
            Cc: Glass, John D (DPS)
            Subject: FW: Commissioner's Notification

          Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




           -Walt

           -----Original Message-----
           From: matthew dobson fmailto:matthew dobson@a@dps.state.ak.usl
           Sent: Friday, August 03, 2007 10:56 AM
           To: comm_notif_ast@dps.state.ak.us
           Subject: Commissioner's Notification

           Commissioner's Notification

           NOT FOR PUBLIC RELEASE

           Date: 8-2-07
           Time: 1600
           Case Number: 07-65995
           Subject: Community Meeting
           Post: Bethel - AWT

           Synopsis: On 8-2-07, Trooper Cresswell traveled to the village of
           Kongiganek to investigate a complaint that several moose had been
           poached in the area. His investigation found that Roderick Phillip, age
           33 had killed two moose and that several other hunters may have killed
           additional moose. While interviewing and serving USC's on Phillip,
           Cresswell was confronted by about 20 men from the town and informed that

           he would not be able to leave the town before attending a town meeting.
           Sgt. Dobson was en-route to the village to assist in transporting any
           seized items at this time. After arriving Sgt. Dobson went to the
           meeting as well. About 100 people were in attendance and though the
           conversation directed at the Troopers was heated at times, no specific
           threats were made. After about 4 hours of conversation, it was decided
           that the summons' served to Phillip would still be valid though the



           11/10/2009

                                                                                                                 PRA_GSP01_0003667
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


            Fw: Commissioner's Notification                                                                          Page 3 of 3


            remaining meat would not be confiscated . This turned out to be a mute
            point as during the meeting all of the meat was moved as well as the
            rifle Phillips had used and the area cleaned . Phillips is scheduled for
            arraignment on 8-16-07 in Bethel.

            Assigned Trooper: Trooper Mike Cresswell




            11/10/2009

                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01 _0003668
