Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Unknown
        From:                      gov.sarah @yahoo.com
        Sent:                      Tuesday, August 07, 2007 6:28 AM
        To:                        Colberg; Talis J (LAW)
        Subject:                   Re: Commissioners Notification


        This has got to be very bright on our radar screen and I've got to have finding solutions
        to this type of rural issue as a top priority.



        Todd is traveling with Click and Emil to Bethel today re: job training opportunities. We
        know Sean is committed to finding answers to these rural problems / issues too . We have the
        right people in the right places for such a time as this - we just need to put it all
        together to begin finding answers.



        Thanks Talis.

        Sp

        Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



        -----Original Message-----

        From: "Colberg , Talis J ( LAW)" <talis . colberg@alaska.gov>



       Date : Mon, 06 Aug 2007 07:41:52

       To:gov. sarah@yahoo.com

       Subject : FW: Commissioner 's Notification




       Dear Governor Palin,

               This story is something you should be aware .             You may already know

       about it.

       Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




                                                               i




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01 0003679
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




     Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




                  Talis




        -----Original Message-----

        From: Monegan , Walt C (DPS)

        Sent :   Friday , August 03 ,    2007 2:39 PM

        To: Colberg ,     Talis J   ( LAW); Tibbles , Michael A (GOV)

        Cc: Glass ,   John D (DPS)

        Subject :   FW: Commissioner's Notification



        Gentlemen -     Privileged or Personal Material Redacted

     Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




        -Walt



        -----Original Message-----

       From: matthew dobson [mailto:matthew dobson@dps.state.ak.us]

       Sent: Friday, August 03, 2007 10:56 AM

                                                                   2




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0003680
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        To: comm-notif_ast@dps.state.ak.us

        Subject: Commissioner's Notification



        Commissioner's Notification



        NOT FOR PUBLIC RELEASE



        Date: 8-2-07

        Time: 1600

        Case Number :   07-65995

        Subject: Community Meeting

        Post: Bethel - AWT



        Synopsis: On 8-2-07, Trooper Cresswell traveled to the village of

        Kongiganek to investigate a complaint that several moose had been

       poached in the area. His investigation found that Roderick Phillip, age

        33 had killed two moose and that several other hunters may have killed

       additional moose . While interviewing and serving USC's on Phillip,

       Cresswell was confronted by about 20 men from the town and informed that



       he would not be able to leave the town before attending a town meeting.

       Sgt. Dobson was en-route to the village to assist in transporting any

       seized items at this time. After arriving Sgt. Dobson went to the

       meeting as well. About 100 people were in attendance and though the

       conversation directed at the Troopers was heated at times, no specific

       threats were made. After about 4 hours of conversation, it was decided

       that the summons' served to Phillip would still be valid though the

       remaining meat would not be confiscated. This turned out to be a mute

       point as during the meeting all of the meat was moved as well as the

       rifle Phillips had used and the area cleaned. Phillips is scheduled for

       arraignment on 8-16-07 in Bethel.



      Assigned Trooper: Trooper Mike Cresswell


                                                      3
