Unknown
From :                     Leighow, Sharon W (GOV) [sharon.leighow@alaska.gov]
Sent:                      Wednesday, September 19, 2007 3:40 PM
To:                        'ftb907@yahoo.com'
Cc:                        'fek9wnr@yahoo.com'; Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
Subject :                  Re: Pfd announcement


Best turn out for a governor ever..... according to all city officials here.



----- Original Message -----

From: frank bailey <ftb907@yahoo.com>

To: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)

Cc: Todd Palin <fek9wnr@yahoo.com>; Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

Sent: Wed Sep 19 14:20:13 2007

Subject: Fwd: Fw: Alaska Republican Party rules, re National Committeeman



Hi Sharon,



Nice job in Valdez. . .just heard it live.



Here's more to the story on Ruedrich asking Ben to step off the Nat'l committee. Bottom line is that
per the ARP rules he can be removed for not attending meetings among other reasons.



It sounds like someone along the way forwarded the info to Mike Ross who did the story , but FYI.



F



sarah <spalin @ mtaonline . net> wrote:



        From: "sarah" <spalin@mtaonline.net>
                                                        1                           ROSTON 00911




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
      To: "frank bailey" <ftb907@yahoo.dom>

       Subject: Fw: Alaska Republican Party rules, re National Committeeman

       Date: Wed, 19 Sep 2007 13:38:53 -0800




      ----- Original Message -----

       From: Debbie Joslin <mailto:joslin@wildak.net>

      To: 'Haase, Donald J.' <mailto:HaaseDJ@alyeska-pipeline.com> ; spalin@mtaonline.net

      Sent: Wednesday, September 19, 2007 9:00 AM

      Subject: RE: Alaska Republican Party rules, re National Committeeman



       The state Party absolutely CAN remove Stevens. It is the job of the state party NOT the
national to do so. Chairman Ruedrich is disingenuous by saying it cannot be done. The state central
committee should long ago have removed Stevens and even now should take the initiative to do so.
When Wayne Ross decided to run for Governor, he resigned and the state party replaced him. That
was a function of the state party, not the national.

       Debbie Joslin

       Former National Committeewoman




             From: Haase, Donald J. [mailto:HaaseDJ@alyeska-pipeline.com]

      Sent: Wednesday, September 19, 2007 8:25 AM

      To: spalin@mtaonline.net

      Cc: Debbie Joslin

      Subject: Alaska Republican Party rules, re National Committeeman



                                                  2                             ROSTON 00912




 Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
       Governor,



      It is true that National party rules do not provide for removal committee members. This is
because national rules leave it up to the individual state parties to devise the process for electing
members (See rule 2 http://www.gop.com/About/AboutRead.aspx?AboutType=4 ).

      According to Alaska Republican Party rules, state party officers can be removed and one
reason for removal is failure to attend meetings (http://alaskarepublicans.com/rules.php ).



       Process for removal of ARP officer:



       ARTICLE X - REMOVAL FROM REPUBLICAN PARTY OFFICE

       Section 1: Grounds for Removal

       (c) Failure to attend , without sufficient reason for such absence , two consecutive regular and
properly called meetings of the committee of which he is an officer or member.

       Section 2: Who May File Charges

       Any registered Republican may file charges, provided proper grounds and reasons are
submitted in writing. The charges shall be filed with the chairman of the committee of which the
person charged is a member. If the person so charged is a chairman, the charges shall be filed with
the vice-chairman who will preside at the hearing.




      It may be argued that the National Committeeman and National Committeewoman are not
ARP officers, but National officers.




     Article 5, Section 14 (a) refers specifically to only 4 RPA officers, and 14(c) says the
NCM/NCW are elected to represent ARP, but does not specifically call them officers.




                                                    3                               ROSTON 00913




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
       Article 5 Section 4(a) also mentions ARP officers and NCM/NCW separately, as if they are not
the same thing.



       However, Article 9, Section 4(d) refers to 6 ARP statewide elected officers. This must include
the 4 mentioned above and the NCM and NCW as these are the only 6 positions elected in state
convention.



       If the NCM is not an ARP officer, it begs the question what 6 positions are considered officers?




       ARTICLE V - STATE CONVENTIONS

       Section 4 : Purpose of the Regular State Convention

       The purpose of the Regular State Convention shall include , but not be limited to:

      (a) Elect ARP officers or a National Committeeman and a National Committeewoman as per
the ARP rules.

       Section 14: Election and Appointment of Republican Party Officers

        (a) During off presidential election years, the state convention shall elect the following RPA
officers for four (4) year terms:

               (1) State Chairman

               (2) State Vice-Chairman

               (3) State Secretary

               (4) Assistant State Secretary

       (b) The State Treasurer, State Legal Counsel, State Parliamentarian, State Finance Chairman,
seven (7) Regional Finance Chairmen and Assistant State Treasurer shall be appointed by the State
Chairman and approved by an SCC majority at the SCC meeting immediately after the State
Convention. The State Treasurer and Assistant State Treasurer shall be technically well experienced
in accounting.
                                                     4
                                                                                      ROSTON 00914




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
      (c) During presidential election years, the state convention shall elect one National
Committeeman and one National Committeewoman who shall represent the ARP as members of the
RNC for a four (4) year term.




      ARTICLE IX - GENERAL POLICIES



       Section 4: Support of Presidential & Primary Candidates.



       (d) Any SCC member, except the six APR statewide elected officers and the ARP Counsel,
may support and publicly advocate the candidacy of the statewide Republican candidate prior to the
primary election.



      I hope this helps.



      Don Haase

      Box 3423

      Valdez AK 99686

      (907)834-7359




      No virus found in this incoming message.

      Checked by AVG Free Edition.

      Version: 7.5.487 / Virus Database : 269.13. 22/1015 - Release Date: 9/18/2007 11:53 AM



                                                  5                              ROSTON 00915




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
                                     6                    ROSTON 00916




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
