Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
          From :                     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor©alaska.gov]
          Sent:                      Thursday, August 09, 2007 8:08 AM
          To:                        Cayce; Sunny C (GOV)
          Subject:                   FW: Child Support




           -----Original Message-----

           From: Audra Thornton [mailto:thorntoa@cul.org3

           Sent: Wednesday, August 08, 2007 5:19 PM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: RE: Child Support



          Is anyone there to help me or answer my questions ? My first email went out more than 2
          weeks ago.

          Thank you,



          Audra Thornton

          Accountant I

          Credit Union 1

           (907) 339-8196




           -----Original Message-----

           From: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [mailto:governor@alaska.gov]

          Sent : Monday, August 06, 2007 10:29 AM

          To: Audra Thornton

          Subject: RE: Child Support



          Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns,

          opinions, and/or information you have sent are important and valuable to

          the Governor.      Although she is unable to respond to each and every email

          herself, your message has been received and is being reviewed by the

          appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your need,

                                                                  1




                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01_0003733
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          suggestion, or comment.



          -----Original Message-----

          From: Audra Thornton [mailto:thorntoa@cul.org]

          Sent: Friday, August 03, 2007 2:55 PM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

          Subject: Child Support



          Hello,

            I am once again sending this email in an effort to find out what is

          being done to remedy the situation regarding the release of Scott

          Valley's passport upon receipt of a Western union in the amount of

           $983.00 (approx) when his arrears is around $30,000.00. He had his

          mother send in a few payments of $500.00 and I have received nothing in

          the last few months. I realize he is bombarding CSSD with his complaints

          and I feel the need to try to get to the truth of this matter. The first

          email I sent was 7/20/07 and I have not heard anything back to date.

          Could someone please contact me and let me know what is happening and

          what course of action is being taken? Please?

          Thank you



          Audra Thornton

          Accountant I

           Credit Union 1

           (907) 339-8196




           -----Original Message----

           From: Audra Thornton

           Sent: Friday, July 20, 2007 9:25 AM

          To: 'Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)'

           Subject: RE: Other



            Dear Sir or Ma'am,
                                                            2
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             When may I expect to hear anything from anybody ? I simply want a

          response as to what I can expect the state to do to rectify this

          situation that was created by an employees bad judgment.

          Thank you



         Audra Thornton

         Accountant I

          Credit Union 1

          (907) 339-8196




          -----Original Message-----

          From : Governor Sarah Palin          ( GOV sponsored )   [ mailto : governor@alaska.gov]

          Sent: Tuesday ,   July 17, 2007 2:12 PM

          To: Audra Thornton

          Subject : RE: Other



         Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin .                  The concerns,

         opinions ,    and/or information you have sent are important and valuable to

         the Governor .     Although she is unable to respond to each and every email

         herself, your message has been received and is being reviewed by the

         appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your need,

         suggestion , or comment.



          -----Original Message-----

         From: WebMail@gov . state . ak.us [mailto : WebMail@gov . state . ak.us]

         Sent : Tuesday , July 17,      2007 1:19 PM

         To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

         Subject: Other



         Web mail from : Ms.      Audra Thornton

         address :    601 King Arthur Circle Anchorage AK 99518

           907 375-9410


                                                                    3




                                                                                                              PRA GSPO1 _0003735
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          MESSAGE:

          Dear Governor Palin,

           I am writting in regard to my child support case, case # 001135510. My

          ex-husband's name is Scott A. Valley and I know that he has written to

          your office and others concerning what he deems as the unfairness of him

          having to pay child support and also the amount of arrears he owes. He

          currently resides in Germany and has for about 10 years.

           The reason I am writting is because I am completely furious over the

          fact that someone at CSSD had the authority to have him sign an

          agreement and released his passport, not only without my knowledge but

          also knowing that once his passport was released he would no longer

          abide by the agreement he signed voluntarily. I had written to the

          former Governor when I found out about this last year and what I had

          told him has come to fruition, Mr. Valley has not paid a dime in months,

          again! What, if anything can be done now? He was able to renew his

         passport and it is now valid for another 10 years. The only thing left

          is his work visa.. What can be done now?

           I want to express that my case worker, Mrs. Alene Poynter, has been

         absolutely wonderful, it was somebody above her that made the awful

         decision to release his passport and now I am back to square one in

         trying to get the support he has skipped out on for the last 10 years.

         No one at CSSD has called to give me an update in any way. The last I

         heard from Mr. Valley was that he was using his inheritance money from

         his recently deceased grandfather to obtain an attorney. Of course as

         greeady as he is I am sure he will not hire a lawyer unless he has

         reason to fight me again and since he feels he is free of his obligation

         to my son he probably won't do that either. He knows he doesn 't have to

         worry about his passport for another 10 YEARS.

          Please help me. What, if anything, is being done to make this right? I

         cannot believe how easily they released his passport for a mere nine

         hundred dollars when he owes close to $30,000.00. This man should be in

         jail, the only reason he isn't is because he is in Germany.

          Thank you for your time.
                                                        4




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0003736
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Audra Thornton



          thorntoa@cul.org




                                                        5




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0003737
