Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From :                    Tibbles, Michael A (GOV) [/O=SOAIOU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                    GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=MATIBBLES]
          Sent:                     Thursday, August 09, 2007 10:10 PM
          To:                       'gov.sarah@yahoo.com'
          Subject:                  Re: COMMUNICATIONs- Harris's poll on where to hold the special session


          Got it.



          I will check with Russ. I was in meeting so he forwarded the letter to you to keep things
          moving.   I told to not wait for me and to get it out. I think you and I heard about the
          issue the same time. We both received a strange email but it did not request anything
          specific.   The request to support polar express came in right before the deadline and we
          did not have time to research the request with all our work on PPT. Come to find out now
          that the delegation wrote pretty generic letters not even supporting the company.




          ----- Original Message -----

          From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

          To: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Perry, Kristina Y (GOV); Colberg, Talis J (LAW)

          Sent: Thu Aug 09 21:59:25 2007

         Subject: Re: COMMUNICATIONs-          Harris's poll on where to hold the special session



         Please let me in on requests like that then - so I'm not duplicating efforts.



         From now on - please give me MORE info on ALL issues as opposed to less please send that
         direction to all staff. I am too far out of the loop on too many issues and then things
         get in panic-mode. Just like today with the Polar aviation issue - I had not even known
         they'd submitted a request three wks ago for my letter of support and we missed the
         deadline but had to scramble for something to go out today anyway. (And pls make sure Russ
         sent the letter today.) Our quick conversation about it last week didn't include the fact
         Conoco, Stevens, Lisa, etc all wrote letters of support and they were waiting for my
         response.



         My email is always on. Tell people to keep me informed, esp if everyone's receiving an
         email and you notice my name isnt listed as a recepient - pls forward it to me if it's
         obvious the issue will need my attention.

         Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



         -----Original Message-----

         From: "Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>

                                                                 1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0003740
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Date: Thu, 09 Aug 2007 21:48:51

          To:gov.sarah©yahoo.com

          Subject: Re: COMMUNICATIONs- Harris's poll on where to hold the special session




         FYI - we did ask law to review and give us legal advise on the constitutional question
         Beth raised.



           Mike



           ----- Original Message -----

          From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

          To: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV); Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Colberg,
         Talis J (LAW)

          Sent : Thu Aug 09 21:39:33 2007

          Subject: COMMUNICATIONs-         Harris's poll on where to hold the special          session



          Talis : pls have someone look into Beth's reference to sep of powers regarding my ability
         to mandate location of special session.



          I hear there's insistence that i CAN'T tell them where to meet.



          I gave statements to ADN tonight about location, going on the assumption the House wanted
         sp session held in Anchorage, by the way. My statements wont make any sense now that i see
         the House poll results.

          Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One




                                                             2




                                                                                                        PRA GSP01 0003741
