Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                     govpalin@alaska.gov
           Sent:                     Thursday, August 09, 2007 8:55 PM
           To:                       Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
           Subject:                  Fw: Harris letter on special sesion


           Did anyone know of the poll results before the reporter contacted me for my response? I
           wish I would have been told...



           Part of the story here is that Harris told the media before he bothered informing me that
           he insists it's my job to call the location. Kertulla says it's not my job and may not
           even be legal for me to mandate meeting locale.

           Sent from my B1ackBerry® device from Cellular One



           -----Original Message-----

           From: govpalin@alaska.gov



           Date: Fri, 10 Aug 2007 02:53:07

           To:"Hopkins, Kyle" <KHopkins@adn.com>

           Cc:"Sharon W Leighow" <sharon leighow@gov.state.ak.us>

           Subject: Re: Harris letter on special sesion




           Hi Kyle:

           I don't see the attachments, but I assume you're telling me the House polled "yes" for a
           road system (Anchorage) location. That doesn't surprise me, it's what we've been hearing
           from legislators and the vast majority of Alaskans who've weighed in on the special
           session issue.



            It's unfortunate that Senate leadership doesn't want to poll, thus be given the same
           opportunity as the House to provide input on this issue.



           It's been administration's intent all along to work with the legislature on the special
           session location issue, so the House results will have to suffice and we'll combine its
           poll with the comments received by Senators who chose to provide us input after their own
           successful special session in Anchorage. (Some have gone around leadership to give us
           input anyway.) It's obvious the majority of elected and non-elected Alaskans want a
           special session on the road system.



           Holding periodic meetings where more Alaskans may participate in our lawmaking process is
           a positive thing for our state, it's not a threat to our capital city. I'm sensitive to
           the fact Juneau residents would no doubt prefer all meetings take place in Juneau, and I
                                                                   1




                                                                                                             PRA GSPO1_0003759
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           don't propose moving the capitol, but bringing a legislative hearing to more Alaskans to
           discuss the monumental issue of value placed on our nonrenewable resources is healthy and
           wise at this time.

           Sent from my B1ackBerry® device from Cellular one



           -----Original Message-----

           From: "Hopkins, Kyle" <KHopkins@adn.com>



           Date: Thu, 9 Aug 2007 17:59:54

           To:"Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)" <govpalin@alaska.gov>

           Subject: Harris letter on special sesion




           Governor,

            I know it's a little late in the day, but can you commment on this letter from Rep. John
           Harris on the location of the special session? In it, he says many House members want it
           in Juneau but says there is a "consensus among many House members " that you should make
           the call, not them.



            So, I guess the questions would be:



            * Have you received any input from the Senate on where the session should be?

            * Do you agree with House reps who say the governor should be the one who decides the
           location of the session?

            * How will location be decided? Will it be the location that the majority of legislators
           want, or will it be more complicated than that?

            * When do you expect to decide where it will be?



            I'm writing a short story for tomorrow's paper. The letter, and Harris's poll of House
           reps are attached.



            Thanks!

            Kyle



            Kyle Hopkins

            Reporter

           Anchorage Daily News

            (907) 257-4334
                                                            2




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0003760
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            khopkins@adn.com

            adn.com

            www.adn.com/alaskapolitics




                                                         3
