Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown

           From :                    govpalin@alaska.gov
           Sent:                     Thursday, August 09, 2007 6:53 PM
           To:                       Hopkins; Kyle
           Cc:                       Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
           Subject :                 Re: Harris letter on special sesion


           Hi Kyle:

           I don't see the attachments, but I assume you're telling me the House polled "yes" for a
           road system (Anchorage) location. That doesn't surprise me, it's what we've been hearing
           from legislators and the vast majority of Alaskans who've weighed in on the special
           session issue.



            It's unfortunate that Senate leadership doesn't want to poll, thus be given the same
           opportunity as the House to provide input on this issue.



           It's been administration's intent all along to work with the legislature on the special
           session location issue, so the House results will have to suffice and we'll combine its
           poll with the comments received by Senators who chose to provide us input after their own
           successful special session in Anchorage. (Some have gone around leadership to give us
           input anyway.) It's obvious the majority of elected and non-elected Alaskans want a
           special session on the road system.



           Holding periodic meetings where more Alaskans may participate in our lawmaking process is
           a positive thing for our state, it's not a threat to our capital city. I'm sensitive to
           the fact Juneau residents would no doubt prefer all meetings take place in Juneau, and I
           don't propose moving the capitol, but bringing a legislative hearing to more Alaskans to
           discuss the monumental issue of value placed on our nonrenewable resources is healthy and
           wise at this time.

           Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



           -----Original Message-----

           From: "Hopkins, Kyle" <KHopkins@adn.com>



           Date: Thu, 9 Aug 2007 17:59:54

           To:"Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)" <govpalinealaska.gov>

           Subject: Harris letter on special sesion




          Governor,

           I know it's a little late in the day, but can you commment on this letter from Rep. John
          Harris on the location of the special session? In it, he says many House members want it
          in Juneau but says there is a "consensus among many House members " that you should make
          the call, not them.
                                                                      1




                                                                                                              PRA_GSPOI_0003765
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            So, I guess the questions would be:



            * Have you received any input from the Senate on where the session should be?

            * Do you agree with House reps who say the governor should be the one who decides the
           location of the session?

            * How will location be decided ? Will it be the location that the majority of legislators
           want , or will it be more complicated than that?

            * When do you expect to decide where it will be?



            I'm writing a short story for tomorrow's paper . The letter ,         and Harris ' s poll of House
           reps are attached.



            Thanks!

            Kyle



            Kyle Hopkins

            Reporter

            Anchorage Daily News

            (907) 257-4334

            khopkins@adn.com

            adn.com

            www.adn.com/alaskapolitics




                                                            2




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0003766
