Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From :                    Tibbles, Michael A (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                    GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=MATIBBLESJ
          Sent:                     Thursday, August 09, 2007 10:01 PM
          To:                       'govpalin@alaska.gov'
          Subject:                  Re: Harris letter on special sesion


          I just confirmed with Sharon and she said she did sent you two emails.                  Sounds like they
          did not go through.

           Sorry, from our staff communications, I thought it you had everything.




          ----- Original Message -----

          From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

          To: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

          Sent: Thu Aug 09 21:50:14 2007

          Subject: Re: Harris letter on special sesion



          I have no idea what you're talking about re: sharon's response, an attachment, etc. I got
          nothing except a forwarded chris clark letter from Kris perry, about a half hour ago.




          ----- Original Message -----

          From: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)

          To: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

          Sent: Thu Aug 09 21:46:05 2007

          Subject: Re: Harris letter on special sesion



          I talked to Sharon after she sent the first email with the attachment. We discussed a
          response and she typed and sent the results of the poll and the suggested language. We
          thought you had received everything. Sharon did leave a meeage for Kyle after you sent
          the message but did not hear back. We. were checking to see if he needed any
          clarification.  I think he may have already completed his story. Her comments to Kyle
          were very consitent to what you sent, other than mentioning anchorage. If he did use your
          comments, it should be OK since you were clear that you could not open the results.



          I thought it was bizzare that Beth raised the constitutional question. I heard she
          insisted that it be included and that it was her way of countering Lyda (Although I am not
          sure I got her strategy on that one).




                                                               1




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0003788
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Mike



          ----- Original Message -----

          From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

          To: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Perry, Kristina Y (GOV); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)

          Sent: Thu Aug 09 20:54:51 2007

          Subject: Fw: Harris letter on special sesion



          Did anyone know of the poll results before the reporter contacted me for my response? I
          wish I would have been told...



          Part of the story here is that Harris told the media before he bothered informing me that
          he insists it's my job to call the location. Kertulla says it's not my job and may not
          even be legal for me to mandate meeting locale.

          Sent from my B1ackBerry® device from Cellular One



          -----Original Message-----

          From: govpalin@ alaska.gov



          Date: Fri, 10 Aug 2007 02:53:07

         To:"Hopkins, Kyle" <KHopkins@adn.com>

         Cc:"Sharon W Leighow" <sharon_leighow@gov.state.ak.us>

          Subject: Re: Harris letter on special sesion




         Hi Kyle:

         I don't see the attachments, but I assume you're telling me the House polled "yes" for a
         road system (Anchorage) location. That doesn't surprise me, it's what we've been hearing
         from legislators and the vast majority of Alaskans who've weighed in on the special
         session issue.



          It's unfortunate that Senate leadership doesn't want to poll, thus be given the same
         opportunity as the House to provide input on this issue.



         It's been administration's intent all along to work with the legislature on the special
         session location issue, so the House results will have to suffice and we'll combine its
         poll with the comments received by Senators who chose to provide us input after their own
         successful special session in Anchorage. (Some have gone around leadership to give us
         input anyway.) It's obvious the majority of elected and non-elected Alaskans want a
         special session on the road system.
                                                         2




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0003789
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Holding periodic meetings where more Alaskans may participate in our lawmaking process is
          a positive thing for our state, it's not a threat to our capital.city. I'm sensitive to
          the fact Juneau residents would no doubt prefer all meetings take place in Juneau, and I
          don't propose moving the capitol, but bringing a legislative hearing to more Alaskans to
          discuss the monumental issue of value placed on our nonrenewable resources is healthy and
          wise at this time.

          Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



          -----Original Message-----

          From: "Hopkins, Kyle" <KHopkins@adn.com>



          Date: Thu, 9 Aug 2007 17:59:54

          To:"Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)" <govpalin@alaska.gov>

          Subject: Harris letter on special sesion




         Governor,

          I know it's a little late in the day, but can you commment on this letter from Rep. John
         Harris on the location of the special session? In it, he says many House members want it
         in Juneau but says there is a "consensus among many House members" that you should make
         the call, not them.



           So, I guess the questions would be:



           * Have you received any input from the Senate on where the session should be?

          * Do you agree with House reps who say the governor should be the one who decides the
         location of the session?

          * How will location be decided? Will it be the location that the majority of legislators
         want, or will it be more complicated than that?

           * When do you expect to decide where it will be?



          I'm writing a short story for tomorrow's paper. The letter, and Harris's poll of House
         reps are attached.



          Thanks!

          Kyle



          Kyle Hopkins
                                                         3




                                                                                                     PRA_GSPO1_0003790
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Reporter

          Anchorage Daily News

           (907) 257-4334

          khopkins@ adn.com

          adn.com

          www.adn.com /alaskapolitics




                                                      4
