Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From :                     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
           Sent:                      Friday, August 10, 2007 3:39 PM
           To:                        jonnateensiano@cs.com
           Subject:                   RE: Other


           Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
           information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
           unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
           being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
           need, suggestion, or comment.



           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMailogov.state.ak.us]

           Sent: Friday, August 10, 2007 3:37 PM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Other



          Web mail from: Ms. jonna siano

          address: 32 woodmer lane battle creek MI 49017

            269-965-8232



          MESSAGE:

          Hello,

          My name is Jonna Siano and I am the proud mother of a 14 year old son named Jonathan. He
          set a goal of visiting all 50 state capitols. in October we are headed your way to finish
          the goal. This has been one of the most exciting adventures ever. We have kept notes on
          our favorite capitols and our not so favorites! We have enjoyed touring the facilities
          when we have arrived during touring times. I would say that we have yet to meet a Governor
          in person in any state. We will be in Juneau on October 17 through the 20, 2007. Would you
          consider meeting briefly with my son and us? It would top it off unbelievably. What a
          great impression for such a young, beautiful person. My hope after making this journey
          together is that he has an appreciation for the United States of America. And he has a
          better understanding for all of the folks and their living conditions in each state. We
          are so excited to see your State Capitol Building. Thank you for your time and
          consideration.



          j onnateensianocacs . com




                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01_0003793
