Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From :                    Tibbles, Michael A (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                    GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=MATIBBLES]
          Sent :                    Friday, August 10, 2007 11:02 AM
          To,                       'gov.sarah@yahoo.com'
          Subject:                  Constitutional powers


          FYI




          ----- Original Message -----

          From: Clark, Christopher G (GOV)

          To: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)

          Sent :   Fri Aug 10 10:59:21 2007

          Subject: FW: John Harris's poll on where to hold the special session



          See Talis' informal e-mail to me below.



          Law should have a draft memo sometime this afternoon to address the separation-of powers
          question raised by Beth Kerttula.


        Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




          ----- original Message-----

          From: Colberg, Talis J (LAW)

          Sent: Thursday, August 09, 2007 5:58 PM

          To: Clark, Christopher G (GOV)

          Subject: Re: John Harris's poll on where to hold the special session



          Dear Mr. Clark. Rep Kerttula suggested that to me. The dept of law looked into i                         Privile
         Privileged or Personal Material Redacted
         Privileged or Personal Material Redacted                                                              Talis.



          ----- Original message -----

          From: Clark, Christopher G (GOV)

          To: Behr, Deborah E (LAW); Tillery, Craig J (LAW); Barnhill, Michael A (LAW); Colberg,
          Talis J (LAW)

          Sent: Thu Aug 09 17:48:21 2007
                                                                 1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0003804
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Subject: John Harris 's poll on where to hold the special session



          Attached is House Speaker John Harris's August 9, 2007, letter on where House members
          prefer the October special session be held.




          The tally : 22 representatives favor holding the special session in Juneau , nine in
          Anchorage , eight abstained from stating a preference , and one did not respond. (See page
          three.)




          Note the paragraph in which Rep . Beth Kerttula and two other , unnamed members of the House
          minority questioned whether any governor has the constitutional authority to determine the
          location of a special session under the doctrine of separation of powers . I hear this was
          intended to strengthen the Governor ' s position of deferring to legislators to state their
          preference on where the October special session should be.




                                                         2




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0003805
