Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                     Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored) [govsp@alaska.gov]
           Sent:                     Saturday, August 11, 2007 6:38 PM
           To:                       Balash; Joseph R (GOV)
           Subject:                  Re: Legislation Analysis


           I just think your report is so helpful as we start crafting legislation to address the
           problems that are surfacing now with ppt. I appreciate your recognition in the report that
           it's tough to quantify the amount of influence exerted by Ben, the producers, etc., but
           what you've captured should be so helpful for all main players - especially newer ones -
           as we introduce new legislation.



           Those whom you've shared this with are good. Hopefully Galvin will review your information
           again, soon. Use your discretion and provide it with others involved in strategizing our
           steps towards more sensible oil tax legislation. Thanks Joe.

           SP



           ps. at some pt in new future the public will need to know more of the ppt background so -
           there can be understanding of our need for new legislation . I have a feeling the FBI will
           be revealing more info before the special session , so their info will help our cause, but
           our own explanation will be necessary too. Via info in your report the public may better
           understand why we're doing what we're doing.



           ----- Original Message -----

           From: Balash, Joseph R (GOV)

           To: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

           Sent: Sat Aug 11 18:23:48 2007

           Subject: Re: Legislation Analysis



           I shared it with Galvin when it was nearly complete and just recently with Marty. Tibbles
           and Colberg have seen it as well.



           Who else would you like me to share it with?




           ----- Original Message -----

           From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

           To: Balash, Joseph R (GOV)

           Sent: Sat Aug 11 18:06:07 2007

           Subject: Legislation Analysis

                                                                  1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0003806
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Joe- did you share your ppt work product with Galvin and other members of gasline team?




                                                        2




                                                                                                   PRA GSPO1_0003807
