Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From,                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) (governor@alaska.gov]
           Sent:                    Tuesday, August 14, 2007 10:08 AM
           To:                      joumeyhome@cox.net
           Subject:                  RE: Fish_and_Game


           Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
           information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
           unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
           being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
           need, suggestion, or comment.



           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMailogov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMailogov.state.ak.us]

           Sent: Tuesday, August 14, 2007 5:37 AM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Fish-and-Game



          Web mail from: Mr. Paul DiMarco

          address : 5425 Club Head Road Virginia Beach VA 23455




          MESSAGE:

          Dear Governor Palin,

          I was mortified to find out about the McNeil River Bears .   It is the hunt that makes
          hunting a true sport . It is slaughter to walk up to a bear and blow it's brains out.
          Like shooting a bear in a zoo I don't understand the modern trophy hunter .   Have we gotten
          that lazy ? For bad or worse these particular bears at McNeil river and the Katmai
          National Preserve are completely conditioned to be passive when confronted by man. This
          may or may not be a bad thing as long as we ( the human race ) realize our responsibility in
          managing what God created and has left in our stewardship .   There is nothing macho or
          exciting or enlightened about bagging a defenseless animal, or in my opinion stuffing one
          and mounting it on a wall.



          Thank you and the State Board for making the right/human/ and respectful decision on the
          Kamishak Special Use Area. But in order to really "do the right thing" please issue an
          emergency order prohibiting the hunting of any further McNeil bears inside Katmai National
          Preserve.



          I would also like to express my alarm at shooting god's creatures from a helicopter. I
          would remind you that god made the wolves and the bears and the mountains and the streams.
          Man made guns and helicopters. Let's try to be a lot more moderate in our sanctioned
          carnage and pollution of his creation and environment.



                                                                 1




                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0003817
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          journeyhome@cox.net




                                                         2




                                                                                                   PRA_GSP01_0003818
