Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From:                     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
          Sent:                     Tuesday, August 14, 2007 10:08 AM
          To:                       kcfishl@gci.net
          Subject :                 RE: Fish-and-Game


          Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
          information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
          unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
          being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
          need, suggestion, or comment.



          -----Original Message-----

          From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us fmailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

          Sent: Tuesday, August 14, 2007 6:45 AM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

          Subject: Fish-and-Game



          Web mail from: Ms. Carole Guffey

          address : 3421 WEST 31ST AVE. ANCHORAGE AK 99517

           907*243*3915



          MESSAGE:

          Last week I sent this message to your office and to the Commissioner of Fish &amp; Game -
          to date, no acknowledgement or reply:rnrnWe are senior citizens who have Tier II caribou
          permits for Unit 13, which we have hunted since 1964. This year we are faced with
          misinformation/interpretation of the rules in the printed application and the Hunting
          regulations book for Tier II. A representative of Fish &amp; Game at Glenallen , Mr. Toebe
          (Tobey?) told the air taxi operator we contacted that he will ticket any airplane that
          flies hunters/meat and that aircraft may not be used on navigable waterways, in
          opposition to the following:rnrnQuoted from the Tier II Subsistence Permit Transfer Form
          and also from the newspaper Tier II applications and the hunting regulations distributed
          to the public:rnrn&quot;Unit 13 Tier II Moose and CaribournrnThe use of any off-road
          vehicle** over 1500 lbs., or any aircraft, for Tier II moose and caribou hunting in Game
          Management Unit 13, including !

         the transportation of moose and caribou hunters, their hunting gear, or parts of big game,
         is prohibited when operated off state-maintained roadways and outside of navigable
         waterways.   **Off-road vehicle includes four-wheel drive trucks and automobiles,
         motorcycles, three-to eight-wheeled all-terrain recreation and utility vehicles, vehicles
         with two tracks, air-cushioned vehicles, and airboats.)&quot;rnrnIn the actual
         regulations, it says:rnrn(13) the use of any off road vehicle over 1,500 pounds, or any
         aircraft, for moose and caribou hunting under a subsistence permit in Unit 13, including
         the transportation of moose and caribou hunters, hunting gear, or parts of big game;
         however, this provision does not prohibit motorized access, or transportation of gear or
         game , on the Parks Highway, Denali Highway, or Richardson Highway.&quot;rnrnalso:rn5AAC
         92.004, Policy for off-road vehicle use for hunting and transporting game:rnrn(c) In this
         section, &quot;off-road vehicle&quol

         t; includes four-wheel drive trucks and automobiles, motorcyc!
                                                                 i




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0003819
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         les, three- to eight-wheeled all-terrain recreation and utility vehicles, vehicles with
         two tracks, air-cushioned vehicles, and airboats operated'outside of a navigable
         waterway.rnrnWhat we are trying to figure out is whether the Glenn Highway is specifically
         excluded from transporting any Tier II caribou, moose, hunters, equipment ALONG ITS TOTAL
         LENGTH.  Also, the question of &quot;navigable waters&quot; needs clarification since we
         have limited mobility and have flown off various lakes to our hunting destination on
         Clarence Lake.  rnrnIn addition, in a section titled N13 New changes to Unit 13 moose and
         caribou:rnrn&quot;if you obtain a Unit 13 Tier II caribou or moose permit, you may not
         hunt for that species anywhere else in the state during the same regulatory year.
         &quot;rnrnWe would not have applied if not mislead by the &quot;navigable waters&quot;
         information in a number of Alaska Statutes: 38.05.965(13);Alaska Const. art. VIII, 3; Ak
         Sate 11.46.330; Op. AK Atty Ge!

         n 5/17/78.rnrnWe would appreciate a reponse.rnrnKenneth &amp; Carole Guffeyrn3421 West
         31st Ave.rnAnchorage, AK 99517rn243-3915



         kcfishl@gci.net

          PLEASE ADD TO E-NEWS




                                                        2




                                                                                                   PRA_GSP01_0003820
