Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           from :                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
           Sent:                     Tuesday, August 14, 2007 4:48 AM
           To:                       Kreitzer; Annette E (DOA)
           Subject:                  Re: JNU Empire labor contracts story


           Thanks so much Annette. I sincerely appreciate your hard work. The SOA is blessed to have
           your service. Give your husband a hug from all of us for sharing you with the whole state.

           Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



           -----Original Message-----

           From: "Kreitzer, Annette E (DOA)" <aekreitzer@alaska.gov>



           Date: Mon, 13 Aug 2007 14:13:21

           To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

           Subject: JNU Empire labor contracts story




           Governor:

          You likely saw this story if you received the "clips" for Sunday. Also, just an FYI, I
          sent a few more names through Anna Kim to Mike T. for your consideration for a Rural
          Affairs coordinator.

          Also emailed an idea to you, Lt. Gov. and Mike about a small business partnership with the
          State Chamber as a result of the Cabinet meeting discussion.

          Hope your short "breather" brings you back refreshed and with more surety of your mission.
            I know when I get time away from my email, phone and the piles on my desk it does
          wonders for my ability to think, strategize and plan.

          ak

          http://juneauempire.com/smart_search/ <http://juneauempire.com/smart_search/>



          Web posted August 12, 2007



            State employees receive long-awaited wage increases

            Seven of eight unions with contracts reach tentative agreements

          PAT FORGEY

           JUNEAU EMPIRE

          Gov. Sarah Palin's new administration nearly has completed a series of union contract
          negotiations, giving what some union officials called the best deals they've had in years.

                                                                    1




                                                                                                              PRA_GSP01_0003826
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Print This

               <http://juneauempire.com/cgi-bin/sendit2000.pl>      E-Mail This

               <mailto:editor@juneauempire.com>



          Sound off on the important issues at     <http:// juneaublogger . com/voxbox>

          "While we would have liked to do better, it's clearly a better contract than we've had in
          the past," said Jim Duncan, business manager of the Alaska State Employees Association.

          His union represents 8,415 employees. Its contract includes wage increases and some long-
          sought benefits, such as a weekend differential for employees at 24-hour institutions such
          as Pioneer homes.

          Seven of eight unions with contracts expiring in 2007 have reached tentative agreements
          with the state, though the ASEA's has not yet been ratified.

          In contrast to recent years, this year's ASEA and other contracts will at least equal the
          inflation rate for at least the first year.

          The last three-year contract included no increase at all in its first year, 1.5 percent in
          the second year and a 2 percent increase in its third year, Duncan said.

          The ASEA bargaining team has agreed to a 4 percent increase this year, followed by 3
          percent increases in each of the next two years, though it has not yet been ratified by
          members.

          Department of Administration Commissioner Annette Kreitzer said Gov. Sarah Palin
          recognized the need to boost pay rates to keep and attract talented employees.

          "We value state employees and want the state to be an employer of choice," said Kreitzer
          said in a written statement.




          State employee contracts negotiated in 2007



          Union

          Year 1

          Year 2

          Year 3



         Alaska Public Employees Association

          4

          3

          3
                                                           2




                                                                                                      PRA_GSP01_0003827
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              InlandBoatman!s Union of the Pacific

              3

              NA

              NA



              Teachers Education Assoc. of Mt. Edgecumbe

              3

              3

           3



           Labor Trades and Crafts

           5

           2

          NA



          APEA-Confidential Employees Unit

          4

          3

          3



          APEA-Supervisory Employees Unit

          to be determined



          International Org. of Masters, Mates and Pilots

          3

          NA

          NA



          Marine Engineers Beneficial Association

          3

          NA

         NA


                                                              3
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         NA: Not applicable



         SOURCE: Alaska Department of Administration



         Despite wage increases since 1990, state worker pay has not kept up with inflation, said
         Jim Calvin, a partner with the McDowell Group, a Juneau research and consulting firm.

         "In real terms, average wages paid to state employees are below what they used to be,"
         Calvin said.

         He said the decline during that time appeared to be about 20 percent, based on an
         examination of data for state workers in Juneau.

         Of all the unions with agreements, only those representing the 800 workers on the Alaska
         Marine Highway System got contracts for only one year. The Marine Engineers Beneficial
         Association, the International Association of Masters , Mates and Pilots and the
         InlandBoatman's Union of the Pacific all agreed to accept one-year contracts.

         State officials insisted on a single-year contract, said Ben Goldrich of the Marine
         Engineers Beneficial Association in Juneau.

         "It's essentially at the state's request, in order to buy us more time to work on bigger
         things," Goldrich said.

         Department of Transportation spokesman Mike Chambers referred questions about the short
         contract to Department of Administration representatives.

         Dianne Kiesel, director of the Division of Personnel and Labor Relations, said the short
         contract period was to due to new managers of the system, including Dennis Hardy, deputy
         commissioner for the Marine Highway System, and Leo von Scheben, Transportation
         commissioner.

         "It's basically buying some time to review the management of the system," she said.

         Kiesel said that because she wasn't part of the system she wasn't comfortable saying what
         that review might entail.

         "They have a lot of ideas and want to look at the organization as a whole," she said.

         Goldrich said he was not concerned about the short contract extension offered by the new
         Palin administration.

         "So far she seems to understand the importance of the marine highway to the economy down
         here," he said.

         For the ASEA contract to take effect, it needs ratification by union members this fall. in
         a June advisory vote, members narrowly approved the agreement reached by the bargaining
         team and the Department of Administration.

         Duncan said the contract includes a number of new elements. It allows employees who are
         ineligible for overtime to get flex time instead and changes their ability to access the
         medical leave bank.

         Under one new contract provision, employees in 24-hour institutions will be paid an extra
         $1 per hour for working weekends.

         "That's a provision we've been working on for a number of years," he said.

         Duncan said the extra pay recognizes that "it's a real hardship" for state workers who
         have to work on weekends. Typically that's a time when their spouse is off work and their
         children are out of school, and the weekend differential should be expanded to other
                                                       4




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01 0003829
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          employees as well.

          "We got our foot in the door," he said. "We'll work to expand it in following years."

          Ballots for the ratification vote will be mailed Sept. 10, with votes counted Oct. 16.

          One union still needing to reach an agreement is the Alaska Public Employees Association's
          Supervisory Employees Unit.

          · Contact Pat Forgey at 523-2250 or patrick.forgey@juneauempire.com.




                                                        5




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0003830
