Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Unknown
        From :                    Perry, Kristina Y (GOV) [/O=SOAIOU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                  GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=KYPERRY]
        Sent:                     Tuesday, August 14, 2007 6:18 PM
        To:                       Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); 'ftb907@yahoo.com; PARNELL; S
                                  (GOV sponsored); 'fek9wnr@yahoo.com'
        Subject:                  RE: Sp session


        FYI, I have not yet received anything from Mayor Whitaker. If I don't have it in the
        morning, I will call him. I also confirmed the Captain Cook, Marriot, Hilton and Egan
        Center's involvement in the Arctic Energy Summit 10/15 - 10/18. However, there are other
        options that can, and are, being explored.



        Kris




        -----Original Message-----

        From : Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

        Sent: Tuesday, August 14, 2007 5:45 AM

        To: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV); Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); 'ftb907@yahoo.com'; PARNELL, S (GOV
        sponsored); 'fek9wnr@yahoo.com'

        Subject: Sp session



        Kris and Mike: What is the latest on Fairbanks asking for sp session - and did Malcomb
        ever answer back on cpt cook for a sp session venue?



        Mike - is Nizich still the lead on sp session logistics? I've not heard anything from him
        on sp session info that's needed to make good decisions on location selection and time is
        zipping by, as I expressed back in May when we first started discussing ideas on sp
        session.



        Polling leggies got us nowhere except criticism for me not "taking a stand" and concluding
        where it should be held. Lyda refuses to give input, yet wins the argument then that I'm
        the only governor who "hasn't worked with..." the leggies on a special session. (Her
        claim.) Meanwhile, we're waiting to hear any info on logistics that I need in order to
        make a good decision asap.



        The sooner I get the info, the better. If Nizich isnt the go-to guy on this, pis find a
        SouthCentral contact person so info can be gathered asap so good decisions can be made
        asap on locale. Thanks!




                                                              1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0003831
