Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From :                    Tibbles, Michael A (GOV) [/O=SOAIOU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                   GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=MATIBBLES]
         Sent:                     Tuesday, August 14, 2007 8:08 PM
         To:                       gov.sarah@yahoo.com
         Subject:                  RE: BLM trespass - update


         I am told it is Chuck and I heard that it may not be his just a friends. He did visit one
         of the agencies (either BLM or DNR) to discuss. Other than that I am short on details and
         was trying not to stir up anything by asking questions (Tom Irwin was also not sure of
         many specifics - location, etc.). I can find out more if you like.



         Sorry about the bombardment of emails tonight.



         Mike



         -----Original Message-----

         From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]

         Sent: Tuesday, August 14, 2007 8:03 PM

         To: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Todd Palin

         Cc: Irwin, Tom E (DNR)

         Subject: Re: BLM trespass - update



         Hmmmm - no idea what this is about. Is it Chuck Heath or Jim Palin, and where is the
         cabin/land... and I wonder why I've never heard anything about this?

         Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



         -----Original Message-----

         From: "Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>



         Date: Tue, 14 Aug 2007 19:56:03

        To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

        Subject: FW: BLM trespass - update




        Governor,




                                                                1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0003838
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        I did not get a chance to pass this along in person before you left but

        I thought it was something you should know. The state typically objects

        to land conveyances unless there is a clear title: In instances where

        there are questions, BLM will try to clear those by removing the

        structure that can not prove ownership of the land. Somehow your father

        is involved with one of these cases where proof of title has not been

        demonstrated.



        Mike



        -----Original Message-----

        From: Irwin, Tom E (DNR)

        Sent: Friday, August 10, 2007 4:29 PM

        To: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)

        Subject:   FW: BLM trespass - update



        Mike, to keep you informed. BLM is moving forward. Tom



        Hi all,




        Just an update ,    on an issue I think you are aware of.




        I received a call from Hans Neiding, Special Asst. to the Secretary of

        the Interior.      Hans provided an update and expressed his concern that

        the State has refused to accept BLM land conveyances due to trespass

        structures on state priority lands (BLM 2009 project). Therefore, BLM is

        beginning to issue trespass citations on these structures. He stated

        Dick had been briefed on one of the trespass issues, but that he has

        been informed that 200 more are planned.



                                                         2
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




       I confirmed with Wyn, that the state is only willing to accept these

       land conveyances free of encumbrances, as originally agreed. The

       sensitive nature is one of the trespass cabins is owned by the

       Governor's father or father-in-law.




        Tom, I left you a brief message regarding this update.




        Please let me know if action is needed. Thanks!




        Sam




        Samantha J. Carroll



        Special Assistant



        Department of Natural Resources



        Office of the Commissioner



        907-269-8434




                                                      3
