Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Unknown
        From :                     Tibbles, Michael A (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                   GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=MATIBBLESJ
        Sent:                      Tuesday, August 14, 2007 7:56 PM
        To:                        gov.sarah@yahoo.com
        Subject:                   FW: BLM trespass - update

        Follow Up Flag :           Follow up
        Flag Status :              Completed


        Governor,



        I did not get a chance to pass this along in person before you left but I thought it was
        something you should know. The state typically objects to land conveyances unless there
        is a clear title. In instances where there are questions, BLM will try to clear those by
        removing the structure that can not prove ownership of the land. Somehow your father is
        involved with one of these cases where proof of title has not been demonstrated.



        Mike



        -----Original Message-----

        From: Irwin,       Tom E (DNR)

        Sent: Friday, August 10, 2007 4:29 PM

        To: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)

        Subject:    FW: BLM trespass - update



        Mike, to keep you informed. BLM is moving forward. Tom



        Hi all,




        Just an update, on an issue I think you are aware of.




       I received a call from Hans Neiding, Special Asst. to the Secretary of the Interior. Hans
       provided an update and expressed his concern that the State has refused to accept BLM land
       conveyances due to trespass structures on state priority lands (BLM 2009 project).
       Therefore, BLM is beginning to issue trespass citations on these structures. He stated
       Dick had been briefed on one of the trespass issues, but that he has been informed that
                                                    1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0003841
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        200 more are planned.




        I confirmed with Wyn, that the state is only willing to accept these land conveyances free
        of encumbrances, as originally agreed.  The sensitive nature is one of the trespass cabins
        is owned by the Governor's father or father-in-law.




        Tom, I left you a brief message regarding this update.




        Please let me know if action is needed. Thanks!




        Sam




        Samantha J. Carroll



        Special Assistant



        Department of Natural Resources



        Office of the Commissioner



        907-269-8434




                                                      2




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0003842
