Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                Page 1 of 1



              Unknown

               From :       Tibbles, Michael A (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                            GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=MATIBBLES]
               Sent:        Tuesday, August 14, 2007 8:01 PM
               To:          gov.sarah@yahoo.com
               Subject:     FW: Clitheroe House-Salvation Army
               Importance: High

             FYI


             From: Kim, Anna C (GOV)
             Sent: Friday, August 10, 2007 2:22 PM
             To: Nizich, Michael A (GOV); Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)
             Subject: Clitheroe House-Salvation Army
             Importance: High




             I wanted to give you a heads up that the Clitheroe Center which provides detox (residential
             treatment) will be closing it doors around midnight tonight due to primarily staffing issues. (Real
             story is poor management) Citheroe knew this was coming (for a while-weeks or maybe months)
             and chose to include us only yesterday which was very frustrating.

            They have been running at half staff for some time. I have been in teleconference with various parties
            yesterday and today with problem solving the situation-this included Mayor Begich's office staff.

             Long story short-
               1. Clitheroe will be sending out a press release saying their detox services will be redirected due to
                  staffing issues
               2. Clitheroe has been actively working with other community resources and the State for solutions
                  and triage for future clients
               3. The State grants that Clitheroe are receiving will be redirected to other potential agencies to
                  perform these services including API.

            Commissioner Jackson and her staff are aware of the situation and Sherry Hill from H&SS will be the
            point of contact if you have any questions. Let me know too, I may be able to answer.

            Senator Green has already wanted confirmation that the entire center was not dosing and she was
            told today that only the detox center. There may have been other legislators that phoned I am
            unaware of.

            Anna

            Anna Kim
            Special Staff Assistant




             8/27/2009

                                                                                                                 PRA_GSP01_0003846
