Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Unknown
        From:                     Tibbles, Michael A (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                  GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=MATIBBLES]
        Sent:                     Tuesday, August 14, 2007 8:49 AM
        To:                       gov.sarah@yahoo.com
        Subject:                  RE: JNU Empire labor contracts story


        Thanks.  Many conservatives are not too sympathetic to state employee union concerns.
        However, I don't think that Alaskans reading the story from a conservative perspective
        will be too upset that the state gave up too much. The story raises salaries (at least
        the reference to the ASEA contract) in terms of keeping pace with inflation not as a large
        catch up provision or outrageous pay increase. When the unions expressed concern that the
        salaries have eroded over time, we told them we were not going to be blamed for contracts
        accepted by them and their members in the past.



        Overall, the story sounded sensible. It talked about needing to review the management
        plan of the marine highway system (which we do). Also, Jim Duncan complained that they
        would have liked more, which is a reflection that we did not give them everything. I am
        more worried about the next round of negotiations. They will be tough and will require
        some very difficult decisions.



        Mike




        -----Original Message-----

        From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]

        Sent: Tuesday, August 14, 2007 5:04 AM

        To: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)

        Subject: Fw: JNU Empire labor contracts story



        Hi Mike- did u interpret the JNU E story good or bad for a fiscally conservative agenda?



        You and Annette are doing an amazing job with labor. Thank you very much. You have great
        talent in being able to work well with both/all sides!

        Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



        -----Original Message-----

        From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com



        Date: Tue, 14 Aug 2007 12:47:35

       To:"Kreitzer, Annette E (DOA)" <aekreitzer@alaska.gov>
                                                                1




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0003847
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Subject: Re: JNU Empire labor contracts story




        Thanks so much Annette. I sincerely appreciate your hard work. The SOA is blessed to have
        your service. Give your husband a hug from all of us for sharing you with the whole state.

        Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



        -----Original Message-----

        From: "Kreitzer, Annette E (DOA)" <aekreitzer@alaska.gov>



        Date: Mon, 13 Aug 2007 14:13:21

        To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

        Subject: JNU Empire labor contracts story




        Governor:

        You likely saw this story if you received the "clips" for Sunday. Also, just an FYI, I
        sent a few more names through Anna Kim to Mike T. for your consideration for a Rural
        Affairs coordinator.

        Also emailed an idea to you, Lt. Gov. and Mike about a small business partnership with the
        State Chamber as a result of the Cabinet Meeting discussion.

        Hope your short "breather" brings you back refreshed and with more surety of your mission.
          I know when I get time away from my email, phone and the piles on my desk it does
        wonders for my ability to think, strategize and plan.

        ak

        http:// juneauempire . com/smart_search / <http:// juneauempire . com/smart_search/>



        Web posted August 12, 2007



         State employees receive long-awaited wage increases

         Seven of eight unions with contracts reach tentative agreements

        PAT FORGEY

         JUNEAU EMPIRE

        Gov. Sarah Palin's new administration nearly has completed a series of union contract
        negotiations, giving what some union officials called the best deals they've had in years.




                                                         2




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0003848
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Print This

            <http:// juneauempire . com/cgi -bin/sendit2000 . pl>   E-Mail This

            <mailto : editor@juneauempire.com>



        Sound off on the important issues at <http://juneaublogger.com/voxbox>

        "While we would have liked to do better, it's clearly a better contract than we've had in
        the past," said Jim Duncan, business manager of the Alaska State Employees Association.

        His union represents 8,415 employees. Its contract includes wage increases and some long-
        sought benefits, such as a weekend differential for employees at 24-hour institutions such
        as Pioneer homes.

        Seven of eight unions with contracts expiring in 2007 have reached tentative                 agreements
        with the state, though the ASEA's has not yet been ratified.

        In contrast to recent years, this year's ASEA and other contracts will at least equal the
        inflation rate for at least the first year.

        The last three-year contract included no increase at all in its first year, 1.5 percent in
        the second year and a 2 percent increase in its third year, Duncan said.

        The ASEA bargaining team has agreed to a 4 percent increase this year, followed by 3
        percent increases in each of the next two years, though it has not yet been ratified by
        members.

        Department of Administration Commissioner Annette Kreitzer said Gov. Sarah Palin
        recognized the need to boost pay rates to keep and attract talented employees.

        "We value state employees and want the state to be an employer of choice," said Kreitzer
        said in a written statement.




        State employee contracts negotiated in 2007



        Union

        Year 1

        Year 2

        Year 3



        Alaska Public Employees Association

        4

        3

        3




                                                           3




                                                                                                        P RAGS P01 _0003849
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            InlandBoatman's Union of the Pacific

            3

        NA

        NA



        Teachers Education Assoc. of Mt. Edgecumbe

        3

        3

        3



        Labor Trades and Crafts

        5

        2

        NA



        APEA-Confidential Employees Unit

        4

        3

        3



        APEA-Supervisory Employees Unit

        to be determined



        International Org. of Masters, Mates and Pilots

        3

        NA

        NA



        Marine Engineers Beneficial Association

        3

       NA

       NA



       NA: Not applicable
                                                         4
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        SOURCE: Alaska Department of Administration



        Despite wage increases since 1990, state worker pay has not kept up with inflation, said
        Jim Calvin, a partner with the McDowell Group, a Juneau research and consulting firm.

        "In real terms, average wages paid to state employees are below what they used to be,"
        Calvin said.

        He said the decline during that time appeared to be about 20 percent, based on an
        examination of data for state workers in Juneau.

        Of all the unions with agreements, only those representing the 800 workers on the Alaska
        Marine Highway System got contracts for only one year. The Marine Engineers Beneficial
        Association, the International Association of Masters, Mates and Pilots and the
        InlandBoatman's Union of the Pacific all agreed to accept one-year contracts.

        State officials insisted on a single-year contract, said Ben Goldrich of the Marine
        Engineers Beneficial Association in Juneau.

        "It's essentially at the state's request, in order to buy us more time to work on bigger
        things," Goldrich said.

        Department of Transportation spokesman Mike Chambers referred questions about the short
        contract to Department of Administration representatives.

        Dianne Kiesel, director of the Division of Personnel and Labor Relations, said the short
        contract period was to due to new managers of the system, including Dennis Hardy, deputy
        commissioner for the Marine Highway System, and Leo von Scheben, Transportation
        commissioner.

        "It's basically buying some time to review the management of the system," she said.

        Kiesel said that because she wasn't part of the system she wasn't comfortable saying what
        that review might entail.

        "They have a lot of ideas and want to look at the organization as a whole," she said.

        Goldrich said he was not concerned about the short contract extension offered by the new
        Palin administration.

        "So far she seems to understand the importance of the marine highway to the economy down
        here," he said.

        For the ASEA contract to take effect, it needs ratification by union members this fall. In
        a June advisory vote, members narrowly approved the agreement reached by the bargaining
        team and the Department of Administration.

        Duncan said the contract includes a number of new elements. It allows employees who are
        ineligible for overtime to get flex time instead and changes their ability to access the
        medical leave bank.

        Under one new contract provision, employees in 24-hour institutions will be paid an extra
        $1 per hour for working weekends.

        " That's a provision we've been working on for a number of years," he said.

        Duncan said the extra pay recognizes that "it's a real hardship " for state workers who
        have to work on weekends . Typically that's a time when their spouse is off work and their
        children are out of school , and the weekend differential should be expanded to other
        employees as well.

        "We got our foot in the door," he said. "We'll work to expand it in following years."
                                                      5




                                                                                                  PRA_GSP01_0003851
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Ballots for the ratification vote will be mailed Sept. 10, with votes counted Oct. 16.

        One union still needing to reach an agreement is the Alaska Public Employees Association's
        Supervisory Employees Unit.

        · Contact Pat Forgey at 523-2250 or patrick .forgey@juneauempire.com.




                                                      6




                                                                                                  PRA GSP01 _0003852
