Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From:                     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov)
         Sent:                     Wednesday, August 15, 2007 2:11 PM
         To:                       papa42dudes@yahoo.com
         Subject:                  RE: Fish_and_Game


         Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
         information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
         unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
         being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
         need, suggestion, or comment.



         -----Original Message-----

         From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

         Sent: Wednesday, August 15, 2007 7:40 AM

         To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

         Subject: Fish-and-Game



         Web mail from: Mr. Jim Ricks

         address: 20010 Constitution Drive Eagle River AK 99577




         MESSAGE:

         Governor,  Request that you provide a full pardon to the Gentleman from the Matsu that was
         fined $500 and lost his rifle for protecting his family and property by shooting a brown
         bear.  Fish and Game have the wrong orientation - they care more about the bear than
         individual protecting his family and property. Fish and Game have it wrong and I expect
         you to-set them straight and order them to return the money and the gun to the individual
         - to include any attorney fees and any other costs he incurred by Fish and Game's actions.
         rnrnTime to get it right with regard to management of Fish and Game in this state, and I'm
         looking to you to lead the way. Fish and game are to be managed for a sustained yield to
         permit Alaskans to subsist on the fish and game. The priority should be on managing the
         fish and game, not the people. You, of all people, should understand this - make this a
         priority for your administration.rnrnJim Ricks



         papa42dudes@yahoo.com




                                                                1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0003856
