Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From :                     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
         Sent:                      Wednesday, August 15, 2007 2:04 PM
         To:                        tholmes@lcmf.com
         Subject:                   RE: Fish_and_Game


         Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
         information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
         unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
         being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
         need, suggestion, or comment.



         -----Original Message-----

         From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

         Sent: Wednesday, August 15, 2007 9:50 AM

         To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

         Subject: Fish-and-Game



         Web mail from: Mr. Travis Holmes

         address: 22226 Whispering Birch Dr. Chugiak AK 99567




         MESSAGE:

         I am outraged that the Department of Fish and Game are allowed to fine people in defense
         against aggressive wildlife. The case against Mr. Robert Pankoski is ludicrous.



         Mr. Pankoski returned from his neighbors, with his daughter, and was confronted by the
         bear.  Mr. Pankoski fell the overtly aggressive bear, which would not leave his property
         through non lethal means.



         You and I both have lived in the valley, and know how long Troopers take in response to
         any situation.  In most cases , people wait in excess of an hour for "public safety"
         support.



         The activist magistrate David Zwink expects people to rely upon public safety however. He
         is summarized as saying people should contact Fish and Game or the police.



         Apparently problem bears have more rights then the people of Alaska.   Mr. Pankoski was
         fined and forced to relinquish his firearm for defending his family. That is not the
         Alaska I fell in love with. It's no wonder why the percentage of resident hunts have
         fallen significantly over the past couple years.  Hunters are the target, not wild
         animals.  Residents cannot count on the state for consistency or support.
                                                                 1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0003857
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         tholmes@lcmf.com




                                                         2




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01 _0003858
