Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From :                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
          Sent:                     Wednesday, August 15, 2007 2:00 PM
          To:                       redhawkink@yahoo.com
          Subject:                  RE: Other


          Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
          information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
          unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
          being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
          need, suggestion, or comment.



          -----Original Message-----

          From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

          Sent: Wednesday, August 15, 2007 11:22 AM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

          Subject: Other



         Web mail from: Ms. Alanna Kretschmer-Dunn

         address :    6611 E. 10th Av. Anchorage AK 99504

           907       868-5248



         MESSAGE:

         Govenor Palin, Thank-you for taking this e-mail. I am concerned about the fact that a
         gentleman named Penkowski was fined $500.00 and had his weapon(338) confiscated by the
         Fish & game Department because the law allows for the killing of an aggressive bear when
         life and property are in peril . This man shot a young brown bear that refused to leave
         his property. His child and wife were due home; this is a neighborhood of families and it
         was night.Penkowski repeatedly tried to run the bear off without success and it's at this
         point he decided to shoot the bear. This man was within his rights and graciously accepted
         the fine and the loss of his weapon , although his scope will be returned, in order to
         protect his family. Calling to get permission to shoot the bear is absurd... I doubt
         seriously if the bear will wait at your request to make a phone call. This law needs to be
         taken off the books. Government has gotten out of control.We have become the most law
         controlled free cou!

         ntry in the world and this is just one small example. Penkowski needs to be cleared of
         this heavy-handed charge, his fine refunded and his 338 returned. Also, Fish & Game had
         recieved several complaints from others about this bear. There is so much mere to say
         about this freedom abuse but there just isn't time. Instead of putting another law on the
         books perhaps we need to remember the Constitution.One other comment. . .Fish & Game people
         are by and by pretty good people and do their best but this is one time they let the power
         go to their heads, it needs to be rectified. Penkowski is a Wasilla resident.
         Unfortunately I am not an eyewitness to this event but others are & have reported to Keni
         Talk radio and also the report from the paper. Penkowski should not be forced to appeal a
         decision that should not have been made in the first place. I know you are extremely busy
         but would appreciate you or the LT. Govenor Looking into this matter. Thank-you and I look
         forward to hearingi

          from you. Alanna K-Dunn. Have a great Day.
                                                                1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0003859
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          redhawkink@yahoo.com




                                                        2




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01 _0003860
