Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From:                     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
         Sent:                     Wednesday, August 15, 2007 1:56 PM
         To:                       Coulombe@alaska.net
         Subject:                  RE: Fish_and_Game


         Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
         information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor.  Although she is
         unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
         being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
         need, suggestion, or comment.



         -----Original Message-----

         From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

         Sent: Wednesday, August 15, 2007 12:26 PM

         To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

         Subject: Fish-and-Game



         Web mail from: Mr. Marc Coulombe

         address ; 2439 Brook Hill Circle Anchorage AK 99516




         MESSAGE:

        Dear Governor Palin,rnrnI'm a retired LTC from the Alaska Army National Guard and am not
        given to sending frivilous e-mails to political leaders. I've lived in Alaska for over 20
        years and have raised my family here enjoying hunting and fishing. I did vote for you if
        that matters at all. in any event I emplore your attention and intervention into the
        prosecution and confiscation of private property regarding the individual that recently
        killed a bear in defense of his life and property. This type of governmental abuse is out
        of hand. Is it any wonder that the numbers of fishermen and hunters have dropped
        significantly?--you have to be a Philidelphia lawyer to understand the regs and if you
        make a mistake, as all humans do, you are treated more harsely than a violent criminal.
        Please inject reason and an Alaskan perspective.



        Coulombe@alaska.net




                                                               1




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0003861
