Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                         Page 1 of 1



              Unknown

              From :    Tibbles, Michael A (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                        GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=MATIBBLES]
              Sent:     Wednesday , August 15, 2007 6:55 PM
              To:       gov.sarah@yahoo.com
              Cc:       kris_perry@gov.state.ak.us
              Subject: special session

            Governor,

            I have been talking to Senators most of the day . There are 5 traveling that I have still been unable to contact but I
            have messages in and most will be available tomorrow to complete my list I framed the question in terms of you
            making a decision regarding the location by September 4th but that we were looking for input on any logistical
            considerations that should be considered prior to a decision. In addition , I have been asking all the legislators
            where they feel we can be most productive . Right now 11 members feel that with the offices , phone lines,
            computer lines , teleconference and recording equipment as well as committee rooms , Juneau would be
            preferred . Two definitely would like Anchorage and Lesil prefers (road system) to mean Wasilla or Fairbanks. Of
            the five remaining , they will probably be split and not change the overall viewpoint that much (Hollis French, Fred
            Dyson , Lyman Hoffman, Charlie Huggins, and Donny Olson).
           Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




            By the way, Beth started today in the Juneau press office . She is very energetic and eager to get to work. I
            talked to her this morning about starting a communication resource assessment /inventory (of sorts) by meeting
            with the press contact with each agency. I requested that she ask each department press staff for their
            department's priorities as well as to list the administration 's priorities. It will be a good test to see who is actually
            on the same page as us. Also, I asked her to being work on a paper for each of our top priorities (education,
            workforce development , resource development and gas pipeline , public health and safety , open and responsible
            government, and transportation infrastructure). The papers would include an internal document that lists our
            initiatives for each priority (even conceptual ones at this point ) that we can use for planning purposes . I would
            also like an external paper of bullet points that we can use to insert in speeches, etc. to talk about our priories and
            the work we are doing . The bullets can be developed and put out our website.

            Mike




            8/24/2009
                                                                                                                           PRA GSP01 _0003867
