Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Unknown
        From:                     Tibbles, Michael A (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                  GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=MATI BBLES]
        Sent:                     Wednesday, August 15, 2007 11:09 AM
        To:                       Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored)
        Cc:                       kris_perry@gov.state.ak.us
        Subject:                  RE: CONFIDENTIAL Re: Sp session

       Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




        Mike




        -----Original Message-----

        From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

        Sent: Wednesday, August 15, 2007 7:14 AM

        To: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)

        Cc: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

        Subject: CONFIDENTIAL Re: Sp session



        Thanks Mike and Kris:

       Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




                                                              1



                                                                                                          PRA_GSP01 _0003868
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




       Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




        Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



        -----Original Message-----

        From: "Tibbles , Michael A (GOV)" <mike.tibbles @ alaska.gov>



        Date: Tue, 14 Aug 2007 19:20:49

        To:"Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)" <govpalin@ alaska.gov>

        Subject: RE: Sp session




        In addition to Kris' comments... Nizich is working with the Legislative

        Affairs Agency to get a needs list (space requirements, number of

        offices including space for staff, phones, computers, etc.) for a longer

        special session.       They have not been all that organized or helpful until

        recently.     I think the public announcement last week was enough to show

        that we are serious about the special session. I have talked to Mike

        and he is putting pressure on Leg Affairs to respond and they claim to

        be finalizing a check list this week. If we don't get something asap, I

        will talk to Harris. I wanted to make sure you knew that both Nizich

        and Kris are working on the issue and communicating daily. Kris is

        doing more of the on the ground work to establish options.



        For what it is worth, I think Lyda does not look good refusing to give

        input.    We are doing what we can to get the logistical issues resolved

        so we are better positioned to have a successful session. I think she

        appears as if she does not want to cooperate on this important issue.

        Sound like more of the same especially in light of the investigations.



        Sharon and I have talked to make sure our comments to reporters are

        clear.    If asked, we are reminding reporters and others that you
                                                          2




                                                                                                       PRA_GSP01_0003869
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         announced your intention to make a decision on the location by September

          4th.   We just wanted to take the opportunity to receive input from the

         legislature on how we can make it more productive. It is puzzling why

         some refuse to give input.




         Mike



         -----Original Message-----

         From: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

         Sent: Tuesday, August 14, 2007 6:18 PM

         To: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored); Tibbles, Michael A (GOV);

          'ftb907@yahoo.com'; PARNELL, S (GOV sponsored); 'fek9wnr@yahoo.com'

         Subject: RE: Sp session



         FYI, I have not yet received anything from Mayor Whitaker. If I don't

         have it in the morning, I will call him. I also confirmed the Captain

         Cook, Marriot, Hilton and Egan Center's involvement in the Arctic Energy

         Summit 10 /15 - 10/ 18. However ,     there are other options that can, and

         are, being explored.



         Kris




         -----Original Message-----

         From: Palin ,   Sarah ( GOV sponsored)

         Sent: Tuesday, August 14, 2007 5:45 AM

         To: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV); Tibbles, Michael A (GOV);

         'ftb907@yahoo.com'; PARNELL, S (GOV sponsored); 'fek9wnr@yahoo.com'

         Subject: Sp session



         Kris and Mike : What is the latest on Fairbanks asking for sp session -

        and did Malcomb ever answer back on cpt cook for a sp session venue?

                                                             3
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Mike - is Nizich still the lead on sp session logistics? I've not heard

         anything from him on sp session info that's needed to make good

         decisions on location selection and time is zipping by, as I expressed

         back in May when we first started discussing ideas on sp session.



         Polling leggies got us nowhere except criticism for me not "taking a

         stand" and concluding where it should be held. Lyda refuses to give

         input, yet wins the argument then that I'm the only governor who "hasn't

         worked with..." the leggies on a special session.     (Her claim.)

         Meanwhile, we're waiting to hear any info on logistics that I need in

         order to make a good decision asap.



         The sooner I get the info, the better. If Nizich isnt the go-to guy on

         this, pls find a SouthCentral contact person so info can be gathered

         asap so good decisions can be made asap on locale. Thanks!




                                                       4
