Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From:                     Galvin , Patrick S (DOR) [/O=SOAIOU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                   GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=PSGALVIN I ]
         Sent:                     Thursday, August 16, 2007 9:01 AM
         To:                       Palin ; Sarah (GOV sponsored)
         Cc:                       Rutherford ; Martha K (DNR); Irwin ; Tom E ( DNR); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Balash; Joseph
                                   R (GOV); Anders; Bruce F (DNR)
         Subject:                  RE: Gross vs PPT


         Thank you Governor for your words of encouragement. The team continues working hard on
         all the items you mention. Not only are we working to identify the best structure, but
         we're also quickly gathering information on the "worldwide" comparisons, and looking into
         Alaska's own experience to provide context for what the rate should be.



         I'm working with Joe and Mike to set up a time next week, as soon as you're back in town,
         to meet and provide you with where we are on the analysis, show you the pros and cons of
         the various options, and get your direction for the final proposal development. There is
         no clear "best" choice, everything is a balance between getting Alaska's fair share and
         providing an attractive investment environment for all possible development scenarios.   We
         will have to find the balance that you're most comfortable with.



         We are meeting with the various "worldwide" comparison consultants over the next week, so
         our discussion on tax rate, the comparison data, and where you want to land on the tax
         rate issue, will come the week of August 27. We'll have it all pulled together for the
         Sept. 4 roll-out.  At the time of the roll-out, we'll have a clear story of not only why
         we chose the tax structure we chose, but also how the proposed tax rate fits into the
         "worldwide" comparison discussion.  We'll be ready, and it will be fun.



         -Pat



         -----Original Message-----

         From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

         Sent: Thursday, August 16, 2007 6:10 AM

         To: Galvin, Patrick S (DOR)

         Cc: Rutherford, Martha K (DNR); Irwin, Tom E (DNR); Tibbles, Michael A (GOV);                         Balash,
         Joseph R (GOV); Anders, Bruce F (DNR)

         Subject: Gross vs PPT



         Hi Pat- just checking in and wanting to encourage you as your team continues to study
         gross tax proposals. My goal is to incorporate incentives for exploration and new
         investment that leads to actual development, while keeping the foundation of our oil tax
         simple and transparent by placing value on gross amounts of oil.



         Alaskans want to see the history of our tax, the comparison to other oil company
         investments worldwide, the original gross information that led to debate last year on
         gross-vs-ppt (that led to corrupt influence and strong-arming by Admin sticking Alaska
                                                      1




                                                                                                                PRA_GSP01_0003875
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         with industry ' s preferred tax)... they want the explanations kept simple and clear
         explanations as to why ppt isn't in Alaska ' s best interest.



         When I explain the situation to individuals, their eyes open when I tell them , simply,
         that we deserve appropriate value placed on our non-renewable resources - especially as
         our resource is being sold on the market for a premium - because once that oil's gone,
         it's gone . Now is the time to get fair value so we can save for the future ( especially now
         in light of coming Federal funding streams that obviously won't flow so freely in Alaska
         anymore !). And that industry is playing a game with us (bc they ' re good players and
         capitalists , they're doing what's expected and can even be respected for trying to rake in
         every penny they can), so don't be surprised when they claim Alaska is a risk. Bull.
         Alaska is stable and safe , and as compared to their foreign investments ( and even
         domestic , in states run by anti - development lawmakers ) where a dictator could take over
         and/or industry ' s charged an arm and a leg to do business - well- it's a joke to hear of
         the "risk " in Alaska.



         I also remind folks of industry ' s "duty to develop".



         I know that there are still Jim Clark hold - overs all around . us - I want to make sure we
         stay focused on the consistent message so many of us have spoken: that ppt isn't working,
         that from the beginning I've desired to keep this simple and transparent by taxing on
         gross while incentivizing for new development.



         Industry is not going away . It's too good here. And new players will step up and step in
         if one of the Big Three threatens to take their ball and go home. Alaskans are counting on
         us to fulfill the mission I promised : that they'd receive fair value for their oil and
         we'd play hardball if it came down to that. (And it will come down to that.)



         Some won't want to admit it - for political reasons - but Les Gara and others are doing
         those apples - to-apples comparisons and are right in their conclusion that we should have
         kept it simple , thus not got gamed , from the start . Even the good old goats like Halford -
         and others who now realize the hand we gave away so long ago with non -renewable resources
         - agree now we should have kept it simple last year.



        Thanks Pat . I sincerely appreciate your work on this . It will be worth it, all your team's
        hard work . They need to remember " this is business " and we're doing business with some of
        the biggest and most slyly influential players on earth. They'll use legislators,
        mainstream media , radio talk shows , non-profit contributions and charity sponsorships,
        feel - good ads , etc. to spread their message. We have to keep our message simple and
        trustworthy and sensible - and in the end we can have a mutually beneficial relationship
        with industry , as industry knows this also.



        It will be good!

        SP




                                                        2




                                                                                                    PRA GSPOI_0003876
