Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From :                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
           Sent :                    Monday, August 20, 2007 9:55 AM
           To:                       mak9l@msn.com
           Subject:                  RE: Homeland-Security


          Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
          information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
          unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
          being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
          need, suggestion, or comment.



           -----Original Message-----

           From : WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMailegov.state.ak.us]

           Sent; Saturday, August 18, 2007 8:31 AM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

          Subject: Homeland Security



          Web mail from: Mr. Joseph Rodrigues

          address: 308 Price St Anchorage AK 99508-1220

            907-258-4654



          MESSAGE:

          Joseph Rodrigues

          308 Price Street

          Anchorage, AK 99508-1220




          August 18, 2007



          The Honorable Sarah Palin

          Governor of Alaska

          PO Box 110001

          Juneau, AK 99811-0001




           Governor Palin:
                                                                 1




                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0003878
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Now, how many of you know what Chertoff's last job was? He was head of the

           KGB; yes that's right Chertoff was Russian 's head of security, now he's

           ours.



           What does the Bible say about training ? Train up a child in the ways he

           should go ,   and he will not depart from those ways.



           Now how was Chertoff trained? In what ways was he trained ? From his fruit,

           you shall know him. The fruit does not fall          far from the tree.



           Can you see from the " fruits" below the answers to the above?




           My people , perish for lack of knowledge.




          http :// www.cnn . com/2007 / POLITICS / 08/16 / real . id/index.html




           (CNN) -- Americans may need passports to board domestic flights or to

          picnic in a national park next year if they live in one of the states

          defying the federal Real ID Act.



          art.chertoff . realid . gi.jpg




                                                                2




                                                                                                          PRA_GSP01 _0003879
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff says there are no plans for a

          federal database of drivers' information.




          The act, signed in 2005 as part of an emergency military spending and

          tsunami relief bill,       aims to weave driver's licenses and state ID cards

          into a sort of national identification system by May 2008 . The law sets,

          baseline criteria for how driver ' s licenses will be issued and what

          information they must contain.




          The Department of Homeland Security insists Real ID is an essential weapon

          in the war on terror, but privacy and civil liberties           watchdogs are

          calling the initiative an overly intrusive measure that smacks of Big

          Brother.




          More than half the nation 's state legislatures have passed or proposed

          legislation denouncing the plan, and some have penned bills expressly

          forbidding compliance.




          Several states have begun making arrangements for the new requirements --

          four have passed legislation applauding the measure -- but even they may

          have trouble meeting the act's deadline.




          The cards would be mandatory for all "federal purposes," which include

          boarding an airplane or walking into a federal building, nuclear facility
                                                             3
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          or national park, Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff told the

          National Conference of State Legislatures last week. Citizens (comrades)

          in states that don't comply with the new rules will have to use passports

          for federal purposes.




          "For terrorists, travel documents are like weapons," Chertoff said. "We do

          have a right and an obligation to see that those licenses reflect the

          identity of the person who's presenting it."




          Chertoff said the Real ID program is essential to national security

          because there are presently 8,000 types of identification accepted to

          enter the United States.




          "It is simply unreasonable to expect our border inspectors to be able to

          detect forgeries on documents that range from baptismal certificates from

          small towns in Texas to cards that purport to reflect citizenship

          privileges in a province somewhere in Canada," he said.



          More information




          Chertoff attended the conference in Boston, Massachusetts, in part to

          allay states' concerns, but he had few concrete answers on funding.




                                                         4
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          The Department of Homeland Security, which estimates state and federal

          costs could reach $23.1 billion over 10 years, is looking for ways to

          lessen the burden on states, he said. On the recent congressional front,

          however, Chertoff could point only to an amendment killed in the Senate

          last month that would've provided $300 million for the program.




          "There's going to be an irreducible expense that falls on you, and that's

          part of the shared responsibility," Chertoff told the state legislators.




          Bill Walsh, senior legal fellow for the Heritage Foundation, a

          Washington-based conservative think tank that supports the Real ID Act,

          said states shouldn't be pushing for more federal dollars because,

          ultimately, that will mean more federal oversight -- and many complaints

          about cost coincide with complaints about the federal government

          overstepping its bounds.




          "They are only being asked to do what they should've already done to

          protect their (comrades) citizens," Walsh said, blaming arcane software

          and policies at state motor vehicle departments for what he called "a

          tremendous trafficking in state driver' s licenses."




          The NCSL is calling Real ID an "unfunded mandate " that could cost states

         up to $14 billion over the next decade, but for which only $40 million has

         been federally approved. The group is demanding Congress pony up $1

         billion for startup costs by year's end or scrap the proposal altogether.



                                                        5




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0003882
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Everyone must visit DMV by 2013




          The Real ID Act repealed a provision in the 9 / 11 Commission Implementation

         Act calling for state and federal officials to examine security standards

          for driver' s licenses.




          It called instead for states to begin issuing new federal licenses,

         lasting no longer than eight years, by May 11, 2008, unless they are

         granted an extension.




         It also requires all 245 million license and state ID holders to visit

         their local departments of motor vehicles and apply for a Real ID by 2013.

         Applicants must bring a photo ID, birth certificate, proof of Social

         Security number and proof of residence , and states must maintain and

         protect massive databases housing the information.




         NCSL spokesman Bill Wyatt said the requirements are "almost physically

         impossible ." States will have to`build new facilities,     secure those

         facilities and shell out for additional equipment and personnel.




         Those costs are going to fall back on the American taxpayer , he said. It




                                                                                                  PRA_GSPO1_0003883
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          might be in the form of a new transportation, motor vehicle or gasoline

          tax. Or you might find it tacked on to your next state tax bill. In Texas,

          Wyatt said, one official told him that without federal funding, the Lone

          Star State might have to charge its citizens more than $100 for a license.




          "We kind of feel like the way they went about this is backwards," Wyatt

          said, explaining that states would have appreciated more input into the

          process. "Each state has its own unique challenges and these are best

          addressed at state levels. A one-size-fits-all approach to driver's

          licenses doesn't necessarily work."




          Many states have revolted. The governors of Idaho, Maine, Montana, New

          Hampshire, Oklahoma, South Carolina and Washington have signed bills

          refusing to comply with the act. Six others have passed bills and/or

          resolutions expressing opposition, and 15 have similar legislation pending.




          Though the NCSL says most states' opposition stems from the lack of

          funding,   some states cited other reasons for resisting the initiative.




         New Hampshire passed a House bill opposing the program and calling Real ID

          "contrary and repugnant" to the state and federal constitutions. A

         Colorado House resolution dismissed Real ID by expressing support for the

         war on terror but "not at the expense of essential civil rights and

         liberties of citizens of this country."




                                                          7




                                                                                                     PRA_GSP01_0003884
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Privacy concerns raised




          Colorado and New Hampshire lawmakers are not alone. Groups like the

          American Civil Liberties Union and Electronic Frontier Foundation say the

          IDs and supporting databases -- which Chertoff said would eventually be

          federally interconnected -- will infringe on privacy.




          EFF says on its Web site that the. information in the     databases will lay

          the groundwork for "a wide range of surveillance activities" by government

          and businesses that "will be able to easily read your private information"

          because of the bar code required on each card.




          The databases will provide a one-stop shop for identity thieves, adds the

          ACLU on its Web site, and the U.S. "surveillance society" and private

          sector will have access to the system "for the routine tracking,

          monitoring and regulation of individuals' movements and activities."




          The civil liberties watchdog dubs the IDs "internal passports" and claims

          it wouldn't be long before office buildings, gas stations, toll booths,

          subways and buses begin accessing the system.




         But Chertoff told legislators last week that DHS has no intention of

                                                        0
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          creating a federal database, and Walsh, of the Heritage Foundation, said

          the ACLU's allegations are disingenuous.




          States will be permitted to share data only when validating           someone's

          identity, Walsh said.




          "The federal government wouldn't have any greater access to driver's

          license information than it does today," Walsh said.




          States have the right to refuse to comply with the program, he said, and

          they also have the right to continue issuing IDs and driver' s licenses

          that don't meet Real ID requirements.




          But, Walsh said, "any state that's refusing to implement this key

          recommendation by the 9/ 11 Commission ,   and whose state driver's licenses

          are as a result used in another terrorist attack, should be held

          responsible." [Now we are "responsible" for the next terrorist attack?

         But, Government WILL NOT close the Southern border, so all those States

          (above in red) are to blame, notice none of them are on the border]




         State reaction to Real ID has not been all negative. Four           states have

         passed bills or resolutions expressing approval for the program, and 13

         states have similar legislation pending (Several states have pending

         pieces of legislation both applauding and opposing Real ID).
                                                           9




                                                                                                      PRA_GSP01_0003886
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          advertisement




          Chertoff said there would be repercussions for states choosing not to

          comply.




          "This is not a mandate , yet" Chertoff said. "A state doesn 't have to do

          this, but if the state doesn't have -- at the end of the day, at the end

          of the deadline -- Real ID-compliant licenses then the state cannot expect

          that those licenses will be accepted for federal purposes."



          Sincerely, Joseph Rodrigues




          Joseph Rodrigues

          907-258-4654




         mak91@msn.com




                                                        10




                                                                                                  PRA GSP01 _0003887
