Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
         From:                      govpalin@alaska.gov
         Sent:                      Tuesday, August 21, 2007 10:15 AM
         To:                        Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Mason; Janice L (GOV)
         Subject:                   Anchorage. Re: Today


         I got kids settled - ism on way into Anchorage office - pls note that on sched Janice -
         and some Barrow football team fundraiser at five pm in Anchorage also. Thanks!

         Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular one



          -----Original Message-----

         From: "Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>



         Date: Tue, 21 Aug 2007 08:42:41

         To:"Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)" <govpalin@alaska.gov>

         Subject: RE: Today




         Governor,



         I flew up to Anchorage yesterday and right now have a return flight scheduled Wednesday
         night.  I planned on having Pat run me through the two PPT models prior your meeting. I
         have been concerned that their information still lacks the needed definition and direction
         and with all the time they are spending on studying the options, I want to make sure that
         the team does not dump everything on your lap without the appropriate research and
         information for you to make a policy decision. We are also walking through the AGIA
         team's proposed public relations plan. In addition to several other meetings, I have time
         scheduled with Frank and Dan to get the board vacancies and recommendations ready to
         present to you. There are over 50 vacancies but Frank and Dan have been working hard
         making a lot of calls preparing names.



         I know we can have a very productive week here if you would like to stay in town.




         Mike




                                                                 1




                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0003891
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

         Sent : Tue 8 /21/2007 7:48 AM

         To: Mason ,   Janice L (GOV); Perry,   Kristina Y (GOV);     Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)

         Subject: Today




         I'll get the kids in school today, then, unless Tibbles is already in Anchorage for our
         ppt mtgs tomorrow, I need to get to Juneau tonight and spend the day there tomorrow.
         (Otherwise I won't get there again until next week.)




                                                           2




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0003892
