Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From :                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                   GROUP/CN=RECI PI ENTS/CN=GOVERNOR]
         Sent:                     Tuesday, August 21, 2007 9:39 AM
         To:                       prbolling@kpunet.net
         Subject:                  RE: Transportation


         Dear Mr. Bolling:



         Thank you very much for taking the time to write such a thoughtful and encouraging
         response to my administration's action regarding SB 53, the FY2008 Capital Budget.



         I have heard from many Alaskans that they are excited and hopeful that we can get spending
         under control, manage our revenues and resources efficiently, and cut wasteful spending.



         I am working with my commissioners on developing the FY2009 budget to meet my budget goals
         to control spending, live within our means, and save for the future.



         I appreciate hearing from you!



         Sincerely,



         Sarah Palin

         Governor




         -----Original Message-----

         From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

         Sent: Wednesday, July 18, 2007 1:10 PM

        To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

        Subject: Transportation



        Web mail from: Mr. Peter Bolling

        address: 2928 Baranof Avenue Ketchikan AK 99901

          907 225 4087



        MESSAGE:
                                                              1




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0003896
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        July 18, 2007



        Dear Governor Palin:




        Like many Alaskans, I appreciate the philosophy behind your recent budget cuts. Your
        statement that `someone needs to be the adult' struck a cord with me, and although I do
        see value in a number of the projects that will not receive state support, I would prefer
        to support a governor who recognizes the value of fiscal constraint than protest those
        items that I favor which were removed from the budget. I support the criteria that you
        applied to the line items in the state budget and I am very satisfied with your well
        considered approach to your role as chief executive officer.

        I am hoping that you will apply the same quality of leadership to the proposed state
        funding of the Gravina Access Project in Ketchikan. I am not in support of the hardlink
        between Ketchikan and Gravina. I think that we could both agree that the project has the
        potential to be a local `wedge issue'. There are enough nay-sayers to a bridge among
        local conservatives (I am a registered Republican) and others that it will be difficult
        for your administration to garner the kind of support necessary to justify such a
        tremendous expenditure from the state's capital budget.

        In 2002 our community voted in favor of a hardlink between Ketchikan and Gravina. The
        measure passed with a substantial majority. Things have changed. Many locals were in
        support of the bridge based upon the preferred alternative which would leave both the east
        and west channels open to cruise ship passage. The current most likely alternative would
        effectively restrict large ship transit in the east channel. The economic and access
        problems caused by a 60 foot span over the east channel have many locals concerned.

        Your administration is going to be asked to support this alternative and provide money in
        the capital budget to fund it. If you were to apply the same standards that you correctly
        used in your recent line-item vetoes to the Gravina hardlink, I am confident that you will
        find that it comes up lacking. On the other hand, if you act in the manner of a fiscal
        conservative in this matter, you are likely to lose support among a number of local
        conservatives who will argue that since the community passed this measure in 2002 your
        administration should support it.

        I think that you can effectively both eliminate the Gravina hardlink and the argument that
        the community of Ketchikan strongly supports it by asking the borough assembly to put a
        referendum on the October ballot that provides for three choices:

        1.   support for the high/low bridge spans

        2.   develop and implement a plan to effectively increase ferry access to Gravina

        3.   do not increase access to Gravina

       I suspect that you will find a significant erosion of local support for a bridge if the
       community has a viable option to open Gravina without the hardlink that restricts transit
       in the east channel. If the borough is unwilling to place the proposal on the ballot, you
       could reasonably infer that they lack confidence in their position. I cannot imagine that
       your administration is willing to back such an expensive and unnecessary project if its
       advocates cannot muster the necessary public support. Thank you for your time.

       Regards,

       Peter Bolling




       prbolling@kpunet.net

                                                        2




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0003897
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        PLEASE ADD TO E-NEWS




                                                       3



                                                                                                  PRA GSP01 _0003898
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


            Today                                                                                                              Page 1 of 1



             Unknown
              From :    Tibbles, Michael A (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                        GROU P/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=MAT1BBLESJ
              Sent:     Tuesday, August 21, 2007 8:43 AM
             To:         Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored)
              Subject: RE: Today

           Governor,

           I flew up to Anchorage yesterday and right now have a return flight scheduled Wednesday night . I planned on
           having Pat run me through the two PPT models prior your meeting . I have been concerned that their information
           still lacks the needed definition and direction and with all the time they are spending on studying the options, I
           want to make sure that the team does not dump everything on your lap without the appropriate research and
           information for you to make a policy decision . We are also walking through the AGIA team's proposed public
           relations plan. In addition to several other meetings, I have time scheduled with Frank and Dan to get the board
           vacancies and recommendations ready to present to you. There are over 50 vacancies but Frank and Dan have
           been working hard making a lot of calls preparing names.

           I know we can have a very productive week here if you would like to stay in town.


           Mike




           From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)
           Sent: Tue 8/21/2007 7:48 AM
           To: Mason, Janice L (GOV); Perry, Kristina Y (GOV); Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)
           Subject: Today

           I'll get the kids in school today, then, unless Tibbles is already in Anchorage for our ppt mtgs tomorrow, I need to get to
           Juneau tonight and spend the day there tomorrow . (Otherwise I won't get there again until next week.)




           8/25/2009

                                                                                                                               PRA GSP01_0003899
