Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Unknown

        From :                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) (/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                  GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=GOVERNOR]
        Sent:                     Tuesday, August 21, 2007 1:08 PM
        To:                       delon57@hotmaiLcom
        Subject:                  RE: Budget


        Dear Mr. Edwards:



        Thank you very much for taking the time to write such a thoughtful and encouraging
        response to my administration's action regarding SB 53, the FY2008 Capital Budget.



        I have heard from many Alaskans that they are excited and hopeful that we can get spending
        under control, manage our revenues and resources efficiently, and cut wasteful spending.



        I am working with my commissioners on developing the FY2009 budget to meet my budget goals
        to control spending, live within our means, and save for the future.



        I appreciate hearing from you!



        Sincerely,



        Sarah Palin

        Governor




        -----Original Message-----

        From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us fmailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

        Sent: Tuesday, July 03, 2007 10:13 AM

        To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

        Subject: Budget



        Web mail from: Mr. De Lon Edwards

        address: 760 Barra Loop Wasilla AK 99654




        MESSAGE:
                                                               1




                                                                                                           PRA GSPO1_0003912
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Dear Governor Palin:

             I want to commend you on the job you are doing as I see it. I know that it was a
        difficult decision to cut the budget like you did, but it was a true sign of leadership,
        and something that has been needed for a long time. Keep up the good work.

             I know that you have had both family and friends in the Educational system, however,
        I personally believe that our school system is consumning much too much of our budget ( in
        the Mat-Su Borough it is 75% of the total). I urge you to take a hard look at that as
        well. Maybe look at some other states like Utah and North Dakota. A truth that is never
        spoken is that "money spent does NOT equal a quality education". In fact I beleive that
        the two have nothing to do with one another. Again, I think you are doing a fine job.

        M. De Lon Edwards




        delon57@hotmail.com




                                                     2




                                                                                                 PRA GSP01_0003913
