Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Unknown
        From:                     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [lO=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                  GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=GOVERNOR]
        Sent:                     Tuesday, August 21, 2007 10:40 AM
        To:                       crh911 s@acsalaska.net
        Subject:                  RE: Budget


        Dear Mr. Hodges:



        Thank you very much for taking the time to write such a thoughtful and encouraging
        response to my administration's action regarding SB 53, the FY2008 Capital Budget.




        I have heard from many Alaskans that they are excited and hopeful that we can get spending
        under control, manage our revenues and resources efficiently, and cut wasteful spending.



        I am working with my commissioners on developing the FY2009 budget to meet my budget goals
        to control spending, live within our means, and save for the future.



        I appreciate hearing from you!



        Sincerely,



        Sarah Palin

        Governor




        -----Original Message-----

        From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

        Sent: Sunday, July 01, 2007 9:46 AM

        To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

        Subject: Budget



        Web mail from: Mr. Clinton R Hodges II

        address: 6930 East 11th Avenue Anchorage AK 99504




        MESSAGE:
                                                               1



                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0003918
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Gov. Palin,

        I wasn't sure that you could weaken the stranglehold of the old guard but you did and I'm
        impressed. I left the republican party several years ago due to the overwhelming influence
        of certain big name politicos and religious leaders had in governing and spending.

        I agree with your vetos and would encourage our national delegation to consider following
        in your footsteps. Unfortunately, Stevens and Young absolutely refuse to conduct earmark
        considerations in public and that's fine with me they don't have my support either. And
        this isn't saying that I side with the Demos. Washington is corrupt and I'm not sure, in
        my life time, if it can be cleaned up. In this respect you offer some hope.

        I like your approach with respect to the public vetting process pertaining to pet
        projects. In fact, I couldn't agree more. There needs to be more public in the process,
        more accountability and a lot less reliance on government to finance everything under the
        sun.

        We continue to be far apart with respect to the role of God in government beyond what was
        intendent in the Constitution.

        Keep up the good work!



        crh911s@acsalaska.net

        PLEASE ADD TO E-NEWS




                                                      2




                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0003919
