Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
        From:                     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [/O=SOA(OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                  GROUP/C N=RECIPI ENTS/CN=GOVERNOR]
        Sent:                     Tuesday, August 21, 2007 10:05 AM
        To:                       asolution @usa.com
        Subject:                  RE: Budget

        Dear Ms . Carroll:




        Thank you very much for taking the time to write such a thoughtful and encouraging
        response to my administration's action regarding SB 53, the FY2008 Capital Budget.



        I have heard from many Alaskans that they are excited and hopeful that we can get spending
        under control, manage our revenues and resources efficiently , and cut wasteful spending.




        I am working with my commissioners on developing the FY2009 budget to meet my budget goals
        to control spending, live within our means, and save for the future.



        I appreciate hearing from you!



        Sincerely,



        Sarah Palin

        Governor



        -----Original Message-----

        From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state. ak.us]

        Sent: Saturday, June 30, 2007 11:58 AM

        To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

        Subject: Budget



       Web mail from:     Ms. Michele Carroll

       address: PO Box 110098 Anchorage AK 99511




       MESSAGE:

       Dear Governor Palin:
                                                              1




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01 0003934
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Although this email may get lost in the many other things that you deal with day to day, I
        wanted to tell you how pleased I was to read about your vetoes this morning. I agree that
        many of the items cut were not State responsibilities, and even though others may not see
        it -I do see how your trying to cut all the excessive spending.



        Many have complained that you should have given some sort of criteria or guideline as to
        what you would accept. I believe much of this was blaringly obvious. You should not have
        to stand there and explain that you will not approve Boy Scout (this is only any example-
        they do great work and I would never take away from the benefits they have to offer)
        funding as it is not a State responsibility. Okay, so maybe the only thing I really
        didn't support was the funding to the church sportsdome, as I think this conflicts with
        the separation of church and State, but was happy to hear they withdrew their request so
        this is a moot point.



        But, I read through the list and clearly understood your reasons, as everybody else
        should- it's not rocket science. I do support your municipal funding and many of these
        projects should be handled on that level. Even though I do wish someone with your similar
        attributes would come to Anchorage and do the same thing. I just found out in the last
        couple of months that Dimond HS is using $20K of the ASD budget to replace more expensive
        frosted glass windows that are skylights.  And they aren't even broken!



        Your vetoes were a breathe of fresh air that even if Anchorage isn't working in the
        direction of culling excessive spending atleast you are on the State level.



        Thanks for all your hard work and business savvy.



        Michele Carroll



        asolution@ usa.com




                                                      2




                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0003935
