Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Unknown
        From :                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                  G ROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=GOVERNOR]
        Sent:                     Tuesday, August 21, 2007 1:26 PM
        To:                       'dutchy@gci.net'
        Subject:                  RE: Budget


        Dear Mr. and Ms. Newton:



        Thank you very much for taking the time to write such a thoughtful and encouraging
        response to my administration's action regarding SB 53, the FY2008 Capital Budget.



        I have heard from many Alaskans that they are excited and hopeful that we can get spending
        under control, manage our revenues and resources efficiently, and cut wasteful spending.



        I am working with my commissioners on developing the FY2009 budget to meet my budget goals
        to control spending, live within our means, and save for the future.



        I appreciate hearing from you!



        Sincerely,



        Sarah Palin

        Governor



        -----Original Message-----

        From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state. ak.us]

        Sent: Friday, June 29, 2007 11:47 PM

        To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

        Subject: Budget



        Web mail from: Ms. Mary Newton

        address: 15724 W. New Ct. Wasilla AK 99654




       MESSAGE:

       Governorn Palin:
                                                             1




                                                                                                         PRA_GSP01_0003942
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         WOW! I just scanned over the 18 pages of budget cuts, way to go!!    We actually live in
         Big Lake , Wasilla is just for mail, and yes, you did cut some for here - however, you are
         right, it is not the state's responsibility. We have made Alaska our home for the past 35
         years and wondered when this would happen.



         The media is already giving you a bad time, so, you MUST be right. I can't see why Lydia
         Green says you were partial to the Mat -Su Valley . And she represents it!



        We did not realize that the port was to be a stable/major deployment site for our troops,
        wonder when the last time that happened . It seems that they try to use emotions of the
        people instead of common sense to spending, especially when it is their pet project.



        When the handouts stop, just maybe some will have to get up and work and take
        responsiblity for themselves.  You are on the right track, keep on with the common sense
        approach and just maybe it will rub off on some of our elected officials.



        You have our support, we agree with you 100%.



        Sincerely,



        Tom and Mary Newton

        Big Lake




        dutchy@gci.net




                                                     2




                                                                                                  PRA GSP01 0003943
