Unknown
From :                     Todd Palin [fek9wnr@yahoo.com]
Sent:                      Thursday, September 27, 2007 8:07 AM
To:                        frank bailey; Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
Subject :                  trooper


And thi s guy is still a trooper.

He gets rewarded with an undercover assignment.

what a joke...




by Megan Baldino

Wednesday, Sept. 26, 2007



ANCHORAGE, Alaska -- For the third time the State of

Alaska has settled a lawsuit concerning the use of

excessive force by the same Alaska State Trooper.



The latest settlement cost the state more than half a

million dollars.



Back in 2004, a jury awarded Kevin Patrick $1 million

after they found that Trooper Eric Spitzer used

excessive force while arresting Patrick in Emmonak.



Patrick's attorney, David Henderson, told Channel 2

News his client was tortured and brutalized by a taser

gun after he was handcuffed.


                                                           1                                 ROSTON 00935




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
Henderson said he represented two other clients who

said Spitzer used excessive force on them. Henderson

said in both cases the state settled for a combined

total of nearly $100,000.



The State Attorney General's office declined comment

on the settlement.



Henderson said he was surprised the state settled

today after three years of appeals.



"We are happy Mr. Patrick is happy this has been along

hard, bitter battle and we are pleased that it's

finally over. The state has excepted some

responsibility for what happened to Mr. Patrick, he

was tortured brutalized and it's some recognition of

what Trooper Spitzer did.



Late today the troopers released a statement writing:

"This settlement is not an admission of wrongdoing or

liability on the part of the state or Trooper

Spitzer".



In 2004 Channel 2 News interviewed at least five

others who claimed Trooper Spitzer had used excessive

                                                      2    ROSTON 00936




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
force on them.



The Department of Public Safety has continually

supported Trooper Spitzer.



Contact Megan Baldino at mbaldino@ktuu.com




Take the Internet to Go: Yahoo!Go puts the Internet in your pocket: mail, news, photos & more.

http://mobile.yahoo.com/go?refer=lGNXIC




                                                  3                              ROSTON 00937




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
