Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Unknown
        From :                   Mike Tibbles [mike_tibbles@gov. state.ak.us]
        Sent:                    Friday, April 13, 2007 2:10 PM
       To:                       gov. sarah @yahoo.com
       Subject:                  RE: Revenue sharing media event


        Thank you.     I think I was typing as your message came in.



       Are you willing to schedule a cabinet meeting for Wednesday? By the way, I have had good
       meetings with Lyda, Bert Stedman, Mike Chenault and Kevin Meyer today. Chenault and Meyer
       focused on PPT and future revenues and Bitney, Pat Galvin, and Karen Reyfeld joined in. I
       stayed a little longer to discuss education funding and believe a solution may be close.
       Lyda expressed strong support for moving AGIA this session and told me that she does not
       want a special session. Bert mentioned that he is concerned about BP "double dipping" or
       taking credits twice due to corrosion work. His comments led me to believe that he is not
       angling for the producers.



       Mike



       -----Original Message-----

       From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]

       Sent: Friday, April 13, 2007 11:16 AM

       To: Michael A Tibbles

       Cc: Meghan N Stapleton; John W Bitney; Sharon W Leighow; Kari L Spencer

       Subject: Re: Revenue sharing media event



       I don't have to be there in person. But will sned my msg via teleconf or in writing if
       need be. It's the right thing to do.

       ------Original Message------

       To: Michael A Tibbles

       Cc: Meghan N Stapleton

       Cc: John W Bitney

       Cc: Sharon W Leighow

       Sent: Apr 13, 2007 11:10 AM

       Subject: Re: Revenue sharing media event



       I already told him I'd participate by sending a positive msg to leg reminding them of my
       campaign promise to restore the funding. I'm not going to back away from two committments
       now - one to voters and the recent one to the mayors. Remember all were in agreement last
       wk that I hustle up and call Begich and we knew what he was going to ask and we knew that
       I'm 100prcnt supportive of smaller state budgets via trickling down revenue into the
                                                                1



                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0001043
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        communities.



        ------Original Message------

        From: Michael A Tibbles

        To: Governor Sarah Palin

        Cc: Meghan N Stapleton

        Cc: John W Bitney

        Sent: Apr 13, 2007 11:04 AM

        Subject: RE: Revenue sharing media event



        Governor,




       Last night the Senate Finance Committee removed the municipal assistance money we included
       in our budget . At this point in the public process , it appears as if the House and the
       Senate have removed the money and there is no chance of it passing .  Generally , if you do
       not have a budget item in at least one body, you can not bring it up at the operating
       budget conference committee to be resolved.




         However, all is not lost here. Senator Hoffman mentioned to us that the money would
       eventually come out of the operating budget and municipal assistance would be addressed in
       the capital budget .  There is a lot of focus on the retirement costs and I am getting the
       sense that with the substantial increase in school funding and local government assistance
        (hundreds of millions of new dollars for local governments) that the additional $48
       million will not pass.




       There is a concern in the Legislature that we have local governments that are not PERS
       members and therefore will not see any additional increase . Sen. Hoffman ' s plan is to
       address this in the capital budget by granting those communities that will not get
       additional retirement dollars new funds for municipal assistance . All should be well in
       the end.




       The Mayor of Anchorage would still like you to participate in a press event and stand by
       your budget . Their request is to tackle the retirement costs and the municipal assistance
                                                     2




                                                                                                 PRA GSP01_0001044
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




       issues separately.  We acknowledged that they are two separate issues and we need to
       continue to be supportive of our budget. However, the process is still moving forward, we
       are very engaged with leadership daily reminding them of our priorities and working with
       them to find solutions. We do have indications that some form of municipal assistance and
       increased municipal retirement costs will be funded.  rivileged or Personal Material Redacted
       Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




    Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




       Any thoughts?




       Mike Tibbles




       From: Meghan Stapleton       [mailto:meghan_stapleton @ gov.state . ak.usj

        Sent: Friday , April 13,      2007 8:46 AM

        To: 'Michael A Tibbles'

        Subject :   FW: Revenue sharing media event




       I called and left a message with Janice - I was on the phone with Sharon working through
       the 9am as well. Am available, but we need to have Governor in to either call, meet, or
       participate.

                                                           3



                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0001045
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




       Meghan N. Stapleton



       Communications Director



       Office of Governor Sarah Palin



       907.269.7450 o



       907.269.7463 f



       907.321.4975 c




       From: Ramseur, David S. [mailto:RamseurDS@ci.anchorage.ak.us]

        Sent: Friday, April 13, 2007 8:06 AM

        To: Meghan Stapleton

        Cc: Hasquet, Julie M.

        Subject: RE: Revenue sharing media event




      Meg:



      I just heard this morning that Senate Finance dropped revenue sharing from their budget
      last night so it's not in either version of the budget. So it's even more important now
      that we do something sooner than later. Please let us know the governor's availability and
      we can start collecting mayors.



                                                     4



                                                                                                 PRA_GSP01 _0001046
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




       From: Meghan Stapleton [mailto:meghan_stapleton@gov.state.ak.us]

        Sent: Wednesday, April 11, 2007 2:59 PM

        To: Ramseur, David S.

        Cc: Hasquet, Julie M.

        Subject: RE: Revenue sharing media event




       The Governor is obviously very much on board - just trying to figure out a day. We're
       hoping to get her to Anchorage on Wednesday, but I will let you know soon.




       Meghan N. Stapleton



       Communications Director



      Office of Governor Sarah Palin



       907.269.7450 o



      907.269.7463 f


                                                     5



                                                                                                 PRA_GSP01_0001047
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        907.321.4975 c




        From: Ramseur, David S. [mailto:RamseurDS@ci.anchorage.ak.us]

         Sent: Tuesday, April 10, 2007 3:42 PM

         To: meghan_stapleton@gov.state.ak.us

         Cc: Hasquet, Julie M.

         Subject: Revenue sharing media event




       Meg:




       As you probably know, the Senate is holding budget public hearings this week - Begich will
       testify tomorrow.



       We understand revenue sharing may not stay in Senate budget, and it's already out of the
       House budget. So we'd now recommend a press conference with mayors and the governor. Our
       proposal: ideally if governor is in Anchorage next week, collect the mayors in your office
       for a statewide news conference to bang the drum for revenue sharing.



       If she's not planning to be here, we'd suggest a video-teleconference, with her in Juneau
       and other mayors from around the state gathered here. As she suggested to Begich, we
       believe we can get a fair number of Mat-Su and Kenai mayors.



       Message: mayors support governor on revenue sharing , must have from Legislature.



       Can you please run that up the flagpole?



       David




                                                        6



                                                                                                   PRA_GSP01_0001048
