Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                   Page 1 of 1


            Unknown

             From :   Sarah Palin [gov.sarah @yahoo.comj
             Sent:    Monday, April 16, 2007 6:21 PM
             To:      Frye; Ivy J (GOV)
             Subject: Re: Health Council
            how about todd and ed being honorary CO-CHAIRS... Todd's cool with that!
            i'll answer more later

            Ivy Frye <ivy_ frye@gov state.akus> wrote:

              I met with Commissioner Jackson this afternoon re: the Health Council . I shared with her the
              changes we were going to make and we seem to be on the same page . I need to follow up with
              you guys about a couple of things.

              1) The honorary chair (whether we're going with Ed Rasmussen , Todd or someone else)

              2 The fill-in for Comm Jackson when she can't attend meetings (she was thinking Privileged or
                          . She described it as a non-voting, management of the board role.
              3 Privileged or Pe rom the Privileged or Pe pplied today . Privileged o followed U p w/ an email
              that sal   ivile a as the name trfat· as sending forwa            o you still want me to check in
              with Privil Comm Jackson said there may be a conflict having Privileged or Personal P
              Privileged or Personal Material Redacted                    What do you think?

              4) Do we want to announce this on Wednesday at the cabinet meeting or wait until Friday? I
              think we should announce the names sometime this week b /c people have been exceptionally
              inquisitive about when the Health Council will be up and running.

              5 Privile is not interested in the position (E. D. of Alcohol and Drug Abuse Advisory Council),
              al oug she's holding out for employment . She has an interview w/ Bill Hogan tomorrow for a
              different position . I'll forward on her email.

              6) There are two question marks on the board and then we should be wrapped up. We are
              looking for behavioral health people ( 1 from FBX and 1 from Mat-Su ). We are actively searching
              but if either of you have anybody in mind just let me know and I'll get a hold of them.

              Thank you for your time. I know this is long!


              Ivy Frye
              Director of Boards and Commissions
              Office of Governor Sarah Palin
              (907) 465-3500 office
              (907) 465-8110 fax




            Ahhh...imagining that irresistible "new car" smell?
            Check out new cars at Yahoo! Autos.




            11/10/2009

                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01 _0001096
