Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                Page 1 of 1


            Unknown

             From :   Sarah Palin [gov.sarah@yahoo.com]
             Sent:    Tuesday, April 17, 2007 10:45 AM
            To:       Martha K Rutherford; Tom E Irwin; Balash; Joseph R (GOV); Patrick S Galvin
             Subject: Re: [Fwd: RE: ANCSA CEO's resolution on AGIA?]
            The sooner the better... hopefully this comes through. thanks so much!

            marry rutherford <rnarty_rutherford a)dnr. state.a& us> wrote:

              Things look good, although it doesn 't sound as if we will get a
              resolution of support before early next week.
              Marty

              -------- Original Message --------
              Subject: RE: ANCSA CEO's resolution on AGIA?
              Date : Tue, 17 Apr 2007 08:17:19 -0800
              From: Kroloff, Mark
              To: Marty Rutherford



              Sorry I missed this yesterday, Marty -- the CEO meeting ran late and
              then I dashed straight to another one and never got back to my own
              office. I thought the meeting went particularly well. Tom was very
              effective. The CEOs plan to meet again to consider a resolution. A
              draft is to be circulated by Friday. I think there is a good chance of
              some support, thought there are a few in the group with strong producer
              ties who will need to think carefully. The group is aware of the timing
              and I think we'll get them there.

              -----Original Message-----
              From : Marty Rutherford [mailto :martyrutherford@dnr.state .ak.us]
              Sent: Monday, April 16, 2007 4:50 PM
              To: Kroloff, Mark
              Subject: ANCSA CEO' s resolution on AGIA?

             Mark,
             Tom Irwin felt he was very warmly received by the ANCSA Corp CEO's. I'm
             hoping that results in a supportive resolution soon . What was your take
             on the meeting and do you think it will result in a resolutuion of
             support? And, if so, how quickly do you think it might emerge? I'm
             sitting with the Governor discussing this as I write this e-mail.
             Also, thanks for your help on the Governor 's speaking notes!
             Marty




           Ahhh... imagining that irresistible "new car" smell?
           Check out new cars at Yahoo! Autos.



            11/10/2009

                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0001109
