Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From :                    marry rutherford [mar y_rutherford@ dnr.state. ak.us]
         Sent:                     Tuesday, April 17, 2007 9:30 AM
         To:                       Sarah Palin
         Cc:                        Irwin; Tom E ( DNR); Balash ; Joseph R (GOV)
         Subject :                  [Fwd: Heads Up on Point Thomson filing for the Governor]


         Governor,

         I wanted to ensure you were aware of the information contained in the

         following e-mail. One change to the message below; the companies did

         /not/ file for compulsory unitization at the AOGCC yesterday, the 16th,

         but we are told they will file today. Furthermore, Exxon is making a

         point of talking with the press, both in state and nationally, and we

         are fielding many questions. Because there are many different legal

         issues at play, we are centralizing our messaging to Nan Thomson, the

         Unit Manager within the Division of Oil & Gas. Finally, there is a

         hearing on the Pt Thomson /unit/ default today, so I'm sure there will

         be press coverage of that hearing. Superior Court Judge Gleason, who is

         hearing the companies appeal on our decision to terminate the unit,

         could make a ruling from the bench, or could wait up to 30 days to make

         a decision. We do not expect her to make a ruling from the bench.

         Marty



         -------- Original Message --------

         Subject:       Heads up on Point Thomson filing for the Governor

         Date:          Fri, 13 Apr 2007 20:29:30 -0800

         From:          Nan Thompson <nan thompson@dnr.state.ak.us>

        To:       joe_balash@gov.state.ak.us, 'Tom Irwin'

         <tom_irwin@dnr.state.ak.us>, 'Marty Rutherford'

        <marty rutherford@dnr.state.ak.us>

        CC:       kevin-banks@dnr.state.ak.us




        We anticipate that the companies that formerly owned leases in the Point

                                                                   1




                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0001125
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Thomson area will file a petition for compulsory unitization at the

         AOGCC on Monday April 16. Under the agency ' s rules, a hearing will be

         held within 30 days.




         DNR will formally file comments in the AOGCC proceeding explaining that

         the unit was terminated December 27, 2006 and that decision is under

         review by the Superior Court after the former owners appealed.



         As the result of the unit termination, the underlying      leases also were

         terminated by force of law. The leases in the expansion area"

         terminated effective December 27, 2006 under the terms of the Expansion

         Agreement . The remaining leases were all beyond their primary terms,

        held only by the unit and expired 90 days after the unit terminated on

        March 27, 2007. Under an agreement in the unit appeal litigation, the

        effective date of the lease terminations was extended until the judge in

        that case rules on a Motion to Stay the proceedings.      The judge is

        hearing arguments on the Motion on Tuesday, April 17, and may         rule from

        the bench or may issue a written decision in the following weeks.



        The companies that held interests in the leases have appealed the lease

        termination notices issued by the Director of the Division of Oil and

        Gas to the Commissioner of Natural Resources. They received a 30 day

        extension of their obligation to file their appeal briefs and record,

        with their filing now due at the end of April . The Commissioner will

        consider the appeals and issue written decisions.




                                                       2




                                                                                                 PRA GSPO1 _0001126
