Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Unknown
        From :                    Denby Lloyd [denby_Iloyd@fishgame.state.ak.us]
        Sent:                     Thursday, April 19, 2007 2:53 PM
        To:                       'gov. sarah@yahoo.com'
        Cc:                       'Todd Palin ; 'Mike Tibbles'; Nizich; Michael A (GOV); 'John W Bitney'
        Subject:                  RE: Bd of Game


        Governor:




        Thanks for your quick summary. Sounds, all in all, like a good visit.



        I will relay your observations regarding local reaction to the Board of Game Tier II
        decisions to Cliff Judkins (Chair, BOG). I will have Matt Robus (Director, Wildlife
        Conservation) talk with Bruce Bartley regarding the local hunter and reimbursement.



        If you would like further follow up, please let me know.



        Take care, DL.




        Denby S. Lloyd

        Commissioner

       Alaska Department of Fish and Game

        P.O. Box 115526

        Juneau, AK 99811-5526

        907-465-4719




       -----Original Message-----

       From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]

       Sent: Thursday, April 19, 2007 2:00 PM

       To: Denby S Lloyd; Mike Tibbles; Michael A Nizich; Meghan N Stapleton; Sharon W Leighow;
       Ivy J Frye; John W Bitney; Sean Parnell

       Cc: Todd Palin; Kari L Spencer

       Subject: Bd of Game




       First msg coming out of Glennallen re: Bd of Game decisions: the Bd is NOT listening to
                                                                 1



                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0001182
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




       the local advisory bds that are putting a lot of efforts in showing up for mtgs,
       "advising ", doing a lot of homework for the bd, etc. And yet the bd makes decisions
       without seeming to hear the locals concerns . They're not notified when decisions are going
       to be made , for instance.



       And no one here is happy about the Tier 11 allocation dcisions . Question is: whyd bd make
       allocation decision based on INCOME - its now a welfare program and nothing in
       Constitution speaks of welfare in terms of wildlife resources being allocated. I promised
       I'd send their message to Juneau . (And how do I get that msg to the Bd?)



       Also , hunters locally did go out to kill wolves for us thinking we'd fulfill promise of
       $150 fuel reimbursement and they sent in their info but now we " can't" reimburse them. I
       told this fellow we would be we said we would . Bruce Bartley has his name. Nice guy, not
       pushy, but wants to remind us they want to trust govt.



       Back to Tier 11. No one locally likes the income decisions nor equipment restrictions (an
       ATV can do more tundra damage than the allowed 1500 lb track vehicle). The locals just
       want to be listened to and were very glad we visited.



       They wanted to know if I supported the way the Commissioner was selected - I said I sure
       did be Denby is the result - and they were very cool with that . They just wanted to know
       that I supported the Bd ' s recommendation of Denby.



       And the school visit was awesome and went probably 45 min over be kids had great
       questions.




                                                     2



                                                                                                PRA GSP01 _0001183
