Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From :                    Governor Sarah Palin [governor@gov.state. ak.us]
         Sent:                     Friday, April 27, 2007 4:41 PM
        To:                        'nortons@acsalaska.net'
        Subject:                   RE: Other


        Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
        information you

        have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is unable to respond
        to each and

        every email herself, your message has been received and is being reviewed by the
        appropriate staff person

         in this office who can best address your need, suggestion, or comment.



         -----Original Message-----

        From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov. state .ak.us)

        Sent: Wednesday, April 25, 2007 9:31 AM

        To: governor@gov.state.ak.us

        Subject: Other



        Web mail from: Ms. Sharon Strutz Norton

        address: 61025 Ohlson Mtn Road Homer AK 99603



        MESSAGE:

        Fisrt Star's report regarding Alaska is accurate and shamefull.

        My step-son and I have been caught in the "F" grading for years! His wishes have been
        neglected and he

        has been prevented from saying what HE wants although he is now 13 years old!

        I would be willing to fly to where ever you are just to have you 'listen' to my 13 year
        old son. I would

        like Paul Seaton our Rep from Homer to be there as well.

        He wants to be represented by his own independant attorney and am willing to pay...

        Why would the State of Alaska deny his being able at age 13 to have his wishes
        acknowledged, and his own

        attorney! He needs to have his wishes accepted!

        PLEASE JUST TAKE A FEW MINUTES TO HEAR HIM OUT!!! It will be valuable to you.



        nortons@acsalaska.net
                                                                 1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0001299
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          PLEASE ADD TO E-NEWS




                                                       2




                                                                                                  PRA_GSP01 0001300
