Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From :                    Governor Sarah Palin [governor@gov.state .ak.us]
         Sent:                     Friday, April 27, 2007 3:48 PM
         To:                       mrdog@gci.net
         Subject:                  RE: Boards-and-Commissions


         Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin .                The concerns , opinions , and/or
         information you

         have sent are important and valuable to the Governor .                Although she is unable to respond
         to each and

         every email herself, your message has been received and is being reviewed by the
         appropriate staff person

         in this office who can best address your need , suggestion , or comment.



         -----Original Message-----

         From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

         Sent: Thursday, April 26, 2007 10:29 AM

         To: governor@gov. state.ak.us

         Subject: Boards-and-Commissions



         Web mail from : Mr. glenn shaw

         address :   1054 meadowrue ave north pole AK 99705



         MESSAGE:

         I wanted to comment on the selection of Superior Court Judge for Fairbanks District. I
         have been involved

         in 3 court suits in Alaska exposing me to 2 of the 4 candidates .                  I sued a lawyer for lying
         in a case in

         which I was plaintiff in an unlawful detainer . That case was held before Magistrate
         Spalding . I felt the

         Magistrate never heard a word I said as evidenced by her constant reminders that "You have
         5 minutes left

         Mr. Shaw, you have 3 minutes left Mr . Shaw" during my testimony . She had pronounced the
         lawyer the winner

         and was going to award him attorney's fees             (even though he hadn't hired one) until he
         inadvertently told

         on himself . No one took anything in the end.



         Judge Kauvar was by chance a witness in a case in which I was being sued .                    I got to know
         her briefly
                                                                  1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01 _0001301
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         through discussions and observing her testimony . I also briefly met her well - mannered and
         polite children

         and observed how she lives . I fancy myself a good judge of character and I would hope it
         never comes to

         it but I would trust Judge Kauvar with my life.



         I do not know the 2 men candidates however I believe that there is no better candidate for
         judgeship than

         a wise mom that does that job well. That is justice on the most basic level and you as a
         mom know what

         I'm saying.



         Thank you for your time.




         mrdog@gci.net




                                                       2




                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0001302
