Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Unknown
        From:                     Mike Tibbles [mike tibbles@gov.state.ak.us]
        Sent:                     Saturday, April 28, 2007 9:45 AM
        To:                       gov.sarah@yahoo.com
        Subject:                  RE: education


        Eddy Jeans, Karen and I are meeting with Mike Chenault at 10:00. He believes his plan
        will give Kenai more but we hope to show him that our two year program will meet his
        district's needs by giving roughly the same the first year and even more the second. I
        will be attempting to get in contact with Carol and the school board's association
        afterwards.



        Talis is heading back to Juneau by Monday. We can make an announcement about the state
        filing a protest with the Indian Gaming Commission. I will talk to Stolze today and maybe
        call Begich to check his tolerance level for doing something public.




        Mike



        -----Original Message-----

        From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com (mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]

        Sent: Saturday, April 28, 2007 8:26 AM

        To: Michael A Tibbles

        Subject: Re: education



        This should be good, really a win-win for all. I'm going for a run be I woke up wigging
        about all the stuff on our plates and before I panic even more I'd better sweat some of it
        out.



        I have the utmost faith in you and this educ proposal. I want Comeau by our side on it.
        And we need a win even with Agia with this - tho I know you already know this.



        (We also need a win on the Eklutna gaming issue and Talis' confirmation - and I hate the
        veiled threat coming from the two legislators on that one.)




         ----Original Message-----

        From: Mike Tibbles <mike_tibbles@gov.state .ak.us>

        Date: Fri, 27 Apr 2007 18:15:25

        To:'Sarah Palin' <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

        Subject: education
                                                                 1



                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0001375
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         I would like to talk to have a more serious conversation with legislators this weekend
         about education funding.  We do have a new proposal that does not reduce the BSA. At this
         point, we have not passed out numbers to anyone until we have a chance to walk you through
         the proposal and get your OK. We have a great opportunity to introduce a bill that
         addresses the local school district's needs and gives them certainty and sign the
         supplemental bill with the $1 Billion savings for education early next week.




         Do you have any time to talk about education before you leave tomorrow?




        Mike




                                                      2



                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0001376
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                           Page 1 of 1



              Unknown
              From :      Ivy Frye [Ivy_Frye@gov.state .ak.us]
              Sent:       Saturday, April 28, 2007 10:02 AM
              To:         Sarah Palin
              Subject: RE: confidential
       Privilege
                   hasn't applied , but I have his contact info if you'd like me to touch base.
            Also, you have the opportunity to appoint a student regent as well. Attached is a memo with some brief background info. I
            interviewed all 6 student regent nominations over the last two weeks . Below are my notes from my interviews , as well as
            information that was listed in their bios. I'll let you read below before I share my thoughts /recommendations.

                   1) Privileged or Personal Material Redacted


                2)



                3)




                4)



                5)


                6)




            From: Sarah Palin [mailto :gov.sarah@yahoo.com]
            Sent: Saturday, April 28,. 2007 8:52 AM
            To: ivy frye@gov. state.ak.us
            Subject: confidential

            confidential so not even staff starts talking about the Regents appt...
            Privileged or Personal Material Redacted


            dont let folks know who I'm asking about be i dont' want anyone talking me in or out of the regent appts thanks!




            Ahhh...imagining that irresistible "new car" smell?
            Check out new cars at Yahoo! Autos.




             8/25/2009
                                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0001377
