Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                              Page 1 of I


             Unknown
              From :   Chris [c.smith@gci.net]
             Sent:     Monday, April 30, 2007 5:34 PM
             To:       Palin; Sarah H (GOV)
             Cc:       mailto:annette_kreitzer"@admin. state.ak.us; "mailto:samr"@afscmelocal52.org
             Subject: GGU Contract Negotiations
             Dear Governor Palin:

             I am proud to be an Alaskan, Employee of the State of Alaska, and member of the
             ASEA/AFSCME Local 52 Union. I am extremely proud of the work that I do as an
             employee of the State of Alaska and my fellow Alaskans; and to be honest with you, my
             fellow state employees/workers and I deserve a fair contract. I/we work extremely hard
             for the State of Alaska and our fellow Alaskans, and we take great pride in the work that
             we do. However, I intend to stand strong with my fellow union members and other state
             employees.

            The prices of basic needs and necessities continue to increase. For example, food,
            (meats, vegetables, fruits, milk, etc.), utilities (gas, water and sewer, electricity,
            telephone, etc.), gas to fuel our cars and trucks to go back and forth to work, medical
            services for our health. The list does not stop there, but I think the picture is clear, and
            you know just how fast all costs are rising. Conversely, over the past 6 years, our wages
            have increased at a slower pace than inflation, (i.e., we actually earn less per year than
            we used to due to inflation being higher than our cost of living increases).

             I ask that you consider the contract proposals of our Union, while keeping in mind our
            responsibility to serve Alaskans, with a high quality and loyal workforce. Please help us
            to continue to serve our fellow Alaskans and the State of Alaska in the future. I believe
            that our union is proposing reasonable terms and conditions for a fair contract for all
            General Government Union employees so that Alaskans can continue to work together
            for our great State. Thank you for taking the time to read this letter.

            Respectfully,

            Chris Smith




            11/10/2009

                                                                                                            PRA GSP01 0001392
