  Unknown

  From :   frank bailey [ftb907@yahoo.com]
  Sent:    Wednesday, October 10, 2007 4:09 PM
  To:       ExternalEmailgsp; Todd Palin; Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
  Subject : America's Next Vice President?
  This one's pretty durn good.

  Don Benson <dab@nhtiusa.com> wrote:

   From: "Don Benson" <dab@nhtiusa.com>
   To: "Frank Bailey" <ftb907@yahoo.com>
   Subject: America's Next Vice President?
   Date: Wed, 10 Oct 2007 14:04:34 -0800


   Donald A. Benson
    Donald A. Benson
   907-355-6019 Cell
   907-761-6064 Office
   dab aOnhtiusa.com
   ----- Original Message -----
   From : Unofficial Palin for VP Campaign
   To: dab(anhtiusa.com
   Sent: Tuesday, October 09, 2007 8:40 PM
   Subject : Fwd: America's Next Vice President?




   Dear Fellow Republicans,

   As the presidential race heats up, it is becoming apparent that our party is more divided
   than it has been in years. At a time when the GOP seems to be going through an identity
   crisis, we are left wondering where we can find a leader who can help unite the party
   after a contentious primary and lead us into the 21 St Century while maintaining our core
   beliefs.

   A growing number of us are convinced that the answer may be Governor Sarah Palin
   of Alaska. As the nation' s only organized vice-presidential draft movement, the effort to
   get Governor Palin on the ticket in 2008 has been quickly picking up speed. If you are
   interested in helping this historic venture, check out our main website at


                                                                                             ROSTON 01035
  10/14/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
   palinforvp.blogspot.com and click here to sign our online petition.
   Governor Palin has all of the qualities that we need in a leader. She is strongly pro-life, a lifetime
   member of the National Rifle Association, and one of the nation's leading crusaders for ethical
   government. She has been lauded as a future leader by conservative luminaries such as Fred
   Barnes and Patrick Ruffini, and her cancellation of the notorious "bridge to nowhere" project
   has won praise from the Club for Growth. Her personal life speaks volumes, as she is still
   married to her high-school sweetheart and has mothered four children, one of whom is currently
   serving in the U.S. Army. With almost 90% of Alaskans approving of her performance, she is
   also the nation's most popular governor. Maybe that's why our movement has won
   endorsements from supporters of almost every GOP presidential candidate.

   For updates, you can join our mailing list by emailing me at palinforvp( gmail.com. You won't
   get any spam, and we wouldn't even know how to sell your information if we wanted to. All we
   want is your help in advancing the most innovative grassroots movement in the Republican Party
   today. Lastly, please forward this message to as many people as you can. If we stand
   together, we can create lasting results for our party and our nation.

   God bless America,

   Adam Brickley
   Founder, palinforvp.blogspot.com



   Praise for Governor Palin
   Fred Barnes - " The Most Popular Governor"

   Patrick Ruffini - " The GOP ' s North Star"

   Club for Growth - " Palin Stands Up to Porkers"



   Disclaimer : The "Draft Palin Movement" is a totally independent, grassroots effort. It is not
   officially endorsed by or connected to Governor Palin in any way.




  Adam Brickley
  Founder, "Draft Sarah Palin for Vice President"
  palinforvp. blogspot.com




                                                                                             ROSTON 01036
  10/14/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
