Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                             Page 1 of 1


             Unknown
             From:     Stacy Goade [stacy_goade@eed.state.ak.us]
             Sent:    Tuesday, May 01, 2007 10:27 AM
             To:      Ludwig; Bruce (DOA sponsored)
             Cc:      Palin; Sarah H (GOV); Kreitzer; Annette (Dept. of Admin)
             Subject: RE: Negotiations Update April 30, 2007
            Thanks for the update Bruce. Today is my last day in my state supervisor position and I want to let you
            know that I support your message below. Supervisor's have not had adequate pay raises, have taken on
            more work, cannot find qualified people for vacant positions, deal with constant turnover and put in a lot of
            extra hours to make sure state responsibilities/work are completed. I have decided to leave Juneau and
            move to Anchorage to find employment outside of state government. It is not so desirable to work for the
            state any longer. If I were remaining in state employment, I would vote to strike for a new contract. There
            is money in the state accounts, and I feel that supervisors who hold a lot of knowledge, experience and
            responsibility continue to be devalued. Enough is enough. The fact that Commissioners can get a 34%
            increase and they are temporary appointments sickens me as a state employee and as a tax paying
            citizen.

            Regards,
            Stacy Goaded




            From: Bruce Ludwig [mailto:bludwig@apea-aft.org]
            Sent: Monday, April 30, 2007 6:41 PM
            To: bruce_senkow@dot.state.ak.us
            Subject: Negotiations Update April 30, 2007

            Fellow Supervisors,

            We are back at the negotiating table this week . A federal mediator is now brokering
            discussions between us and the Administration 's negotiators . Unfortunately and not
            surprisingly , it is not going well . As we have been saying all along , we are in this battle
            for the long haul. It seems clear the Palin Administration has little interest in reaching
            an agreement with their employees.

            The state is sitting on Billions of dollars in surpluses . In addition there are Billions of
            Dollars in the various state savings accounts . It's clear when the state needed to raise
            salaries to recruit qualified and competent Commissioners , they did .... by 34%.(see
            attached graph ) The state can find money when they want to.

            This is not about finding money , or about the state's ability to pay. This is about the
            Palin Administration valuing their supervisors.

            Your negotiating team,

            Bruce Senkow (Northern primary) Tim Viavant (alternate)
            Dean Williams (Southcentral primary) Bill Parker ( alternate)
            John White (Southeast primary) Ray Preston (alternate)
            Bruce Ludwig (Chief Spokesperson)


                                    RESPECT = FAIR PAY


            11/10/2009

                                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0001435
