Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                   Page 1 of 1



             Unknown
                 From:   Ivy Frye [Ivy_Frye@gov.state.ak.us]
              Sent:      Wednesday, May 02, 2007 5:29 PM
              To:        Sarah Palin; Michael A Tibbles
             Subject: FW: Aviation Advisory Board

           Update on Aviation:

           We were considering Jack Barber for the public seat and re-appointing Bob Jacobsen to the regional air carrier
           seat.

           Pending are Jim Dodson's seat (representing the city and borough of Fairbanks) and the airman's association
           seat (Tom George has applied and is endorsed by Paul Landis, the acting chair). Paul has sent us a letter
           requesting you appoint him the permanent chair, but its up to your discretion. The board elected him acting chair
           when Richard Wien stepped down from the board.


           From : Ivy Frye [mailto:Ivy_Frye@gov.state.ak.us]
           Sent: Wednesday, May 02, 2007 5:15 PM
           To: 'Paul Landis'
           Cc: 'Leo von Scheben'
           Subject: RE: Aviation Advisory Board

           Paul,

           Thanks for following up . Governor Palin hasn 't made any final decisions on the Aviation Advisory Council, but we
           are nearing some announcements . I would say next week we will know more.

           Thank you,

           Ivy


           From : Paul Landis [mailto:paul.landis@alaska.com]
           Sent: Wednesday, May 02, 2007 8:59 AM
           To: Ivy Frye
           Cc: Leo von Scheben
           Subject: Aviation Advisory Board

           Hello Ivy,
           Could you please give me an update on where Boards and Commissions are at with respect to the Alaska
           Aviation Advisory Board? I'd like to schedule a meeting sometime soon, but would like to see the future
           composition of the Board in attendance.

          I understand that there are higher priorities for the Governor right now than fleshing-out Boards, but look forward
          to hearing some news from you soon.

          Thanks in advance,

          Paul Landis
          Acting Chair, AAAC




           8/28/2009

                                                                                                                   PRA_GSP01_0001489
