Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                    Page 1 of 3


             Unknown
              From :       Meghan Stapleton [meghan stapleton@gov.state.ak.us]
              Sent:        Thursday, May 03, 2007 1:03 PM
              To:          'Sarah Palin'; S R Parnell; Tom E Irwin; Patrick S Galvin ; Martha K Rutherford; Balash ; Joseph R
                           (GOV); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Bitney; John W (GOV); Clark; Christopher G (GOV)
              Cc:          Sharon W Leighow; Meghan N Stapleton ; Morgan; Katryn L (GOV)
              Subject:     PRESS CONFERENCE IS ABOUT TO BEGIN. RELEASE IS HEADING OUT THE DOOR IN
                           ROUGHLY 30 MINUTES.
              Importance: High




             FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE                                            07-102

                         AGIA Team Discusses Must - Haves & Introduces Consultants
                                          Releases White Paper
                                     Prepares for Producer Media Blitz

             May 3 , 2007 , Juneau , Alaska - Members of the State's AGIA team held a press conference
             today to discuss AGIA's must- haves and introduce natural gas pipeline experts who serve as
             consultants to the State of Alaska.

            "Nothing in AGIA or the process of AGIA prevents the producers from developing gas this
            very second," said Governor Sarah Palin, who is traveling today. "They are not. After 30
            years, at today's projected gas prices, Alaskans deserve to have reasonable demands. The
            days of low expectations are gone."

            "The state's must-haves either protect Alaska's financial future, or Alaskans gas needs, or
            are procedural in nature ," said Department of.Natural Resources Deputy Commissioner
            Marty Rutherford. "We know the producers are saying `Don't use must-haves, let us tell you
            what you need.' To this day, we don't know which must-haves bother the producers. In all
            of our individual meetings with them and throughout public testimony, we have never been
            given the specifics of what they don't like - is it the jobs for Alaskans, gas for Alaskans,
            pipeline expansion opportunities?"

            The twenty must-haves stated within AGIA fall within one of three categories:
            Protecting Alaska's Interests, Meeting the Needs of Alaskans, and Procedural. For the
            breakdown, please see the attachment entitled: AGIA Application Requirements.

            Four natural gas pipeline experts and consultants to the State of Alaska are in Juneau
            answering legislator questions and providing testimony. They bring years of experience in
            the natural gas pipeline business. The experts helped the AGIA team with their expertise
            when AGIA was first put together and they continue to help the team to ensure that the
            process is commercially reasonable.

            "We have experts with us, with decades of experience In the natural gas industry in all of


            11/10/2009

                                                                                                                 PRA_GSP01_0001495
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                           Page 2 of 3


             North America , in particular with developments in the last 15 years where sharing the risk among
             different participants is commonplace ," said Department of Revenue Commissioner Patrick Galvin.
              "Producers won't acknowledge or discuss these risk -sharing agreements, even though they are a
             party to many of them. These natural gas pipeline experts were hired to tell us how the real world
             really does work."

             The experts are: Donald Shepler, Ken Minesinger , Scott Hobbs, and Bill Sparger. Biographical
             information follows:

            Donald Shepler has approximately 30 years of experience in the natural gas pipeline industry as
            regulatory counsel for interstate gas pipelines . He was also counsel for the Legislative Budget and
            Audit Committee when that committee submitted comments and testimony to the Federal Energy
            Regulatory Commission . That work helped the State win some significant provisions in Order 2005.

            Ken Minesinger has advised various natural gas pipeline companies and other clients before the
            FERC . He also is a past Chairman of the Antitrust Committee of the Energy Bar Association. Along
            with Mr . Shepler, he advised the Legislative Budget and Audit Committee and authored two papers
            addressing the competitive problems associated with a producer -owned Alaska pipeline. He can
            speak directly to how AGIA helps solve many of those problems.

            Scott Hobbs has 30 years of natural gas industry experience . Over the past six years, he has
            advised investment bankers, private equity firms , and other investors evaluating major projects,
            acquisitions , and divestitures involving oil and gas pipelines , processing plants, power plants, and
            gas distribution assets. Prior to that , he spent 24 years In the gas pipeline industry, including eight
            years as the Chief Operating Officer of a major pipeline company in the Rocky Mountain region.

            Bill Sparger has more than 35 years experience in project management , design and construction of
            natural gas pipelines , compressor stations , and gas processing facilities. Most recently , he worked
            for Entrega Gas Pipeline Company on a large diameter natural gas pipeline project . He also
            provided initial project management oversight for a proposed 1300 mile 42 " pipeline from the
            Cheyenne Hub to eastern Ohio. That project is moving forward today with BP and ConocoPhillips
            participation.

            Additionally today , the AGIA team released its "White Paper on AGIA ," which lays out seven
            popular claims / concerns raised by the producers . The state's AGIA team responds to each one in
            the document, which is attached to this press release.

            With less than two weeks left in the session , the producers have purchased a media blitz attacking
            AGIA over the remaining days. The AGIA team will stand strong and committed to protecting the
            state's best interests and those of Alaskans.

            "While we appreciate the heads -up on the coming media blitz , It Is disappointing to me that the
            producers always resort to the same media campaigns time and time again ," said Governor Sarah
            Palin. "They will spend hundreds of thousands of dollars trying to convince Alaskans they don't
            need jobs or gas that the producers don't need to give a timeline to the state . The bottom line is
            that Alaskans own the gas. I am confident Alaskans will see through the expensive media
            campaign."




           Meghan N. Stapleton
           Communications Director
           Office of Governor Sarah Palin
           907.269.7450 o
           907,269.7463f
           907.321.4975 c




            11/10/2009

                                                                                                         PRA GSP01_0001496
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                   Page 3 of 3




             11/10/2009

                                                                                                 PRA GSP01_0001497
