Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                                 Page 1 of 2


             Unknown

              From :     Governor Sarah Palin [governor@gov.state.ak.us]
              Sent:      Thursday, May 03, 2007 2:01 PM
              To:        Frye; Ivy J (GOV)
              Subject: FW: BOF Appointees




             From., Joel & Audra Doner [mailto:Bluenose-snowplow@worldnet.att.net]
             Sent: Tuesday, May 01, 2007 12:04 PM
             To: sarah_palin@gov.state.ak.us; Sen. Lesil McGuire
             Cc: Senator Thomas_Wagoner@legis.state.ak.us; Senator Lyda_Green@legis.state.ak.us;
             Senator Bert Stedman@legis.state.ak.us; Senator Charile_Huggins@legis.state.ak.us;
             Senator Gary_Stevens@legis.state.ak.us; Senator_Bill_Wielechowski@legis.state.ak.us
             Subject: Re: BOF Appointees

             Senator Lesil McGuire,

             Thank-You for your time and consideration. Senator, with all due respect, I believe you have been
             mislead concerning Larry Edfelt on Commercial fishing. He is not a friend of Upper Cook Inlet fishermen.
             Please review his comments made at recent BOF teleconference regarding the emergency petition. He
             spoke very strongly against managing this fishery according to the escapement goals prescribed in the
             management plan. If you would like more info on this please feel free to contact me again at any time.
             This issue is extremely important to me and I appreciate your concern. As far as balance on the BOF is
             concerned, I am very worried that members appointed under the guise of a commercial fishery proponent
             who then act in opposition to our needs only skew the BOF even farther away from what is fair.
             Commercial fishermen in Cook Inlet have never asked for more than their fair share, only to be able to
             harvest surplus stocks above escapement goals, including a sport harvest. Is that so Unreasonable?
             Recent years have seen repeated overescapement to both the Kenai and Kasilof rivers simply because
             the BOF has taken away the ability of trained managers to use their tools to manage. With a Cook Inlet
             meeting of the BOF coming up this next winter, the importance of this issue is paramount to my livelihood.
             The BOF is an extension of the Legislature and it is your prerogative to ensure integrity of that board.
             Please resist confirmation of Howrd Delo and Larry Edfelt. Once again, Thank-You for your time.


             Joel Doner


               ---- Original Message -----
               From : Sen. Lesil McGuire
               To: Joel & Audra Doner
               Sent: Thursday, April 19, 2007 10:34 AM
               Subject: RE: BOF Appointees

               Dear Joel,

               I truly appreciate your letter. I am currently reviewing all of their qualifications and will add your important email
               to my binder. I have many commercial fisherman contacts who believe that although they would prefer Roland
               Maw, that Larry Edfelt is a good pick for commercial interests too. There is no question though, that Howard
               Delo is a sports fish guy. So, what I will be looking for is balance. The commercial industry is an important part
               of our economy and your livelihood matters to me a great deal.

               Warmly,

               Lesil



             11/10/2009

                                                                                                                               PRA_GSP01_0001501
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                    Page 2 of 2




              From : Joel & Audra Doner [mailto : Bluenose-snowplow@worldnet .att.net)
              Sent: Wednesday, October 17, 2007 10:15 AM
              To: Sen . Lesil McGuire
              Cc: Sen . Bill Wielechowski; Sen. Gary Stevens; Sen. Charlie Huggins; Sen. Bert Stedman ; Sen. Lyda Green;
              Sen. Tom Wagoner
              Subject: BOF Appointees

              Senator Lesil McGuire,

                This is the first time I have written to you mostly because I reserve such action for what I believe is truly
              important. The issue at hand is of extreme importance to me. You soon will be faced with confirmation hearings
              on three Board of Fish appointees and I have great concerns with two of these men . As you know, the Board of
              Fish is to be balanced and fair. I am a commercial fisherman and am increasingly worried about a BOF that is
              becoming more and more unbalanced . Two of these men lean strongly toward sport fisheries issues while
              at least one would be replacing a commercial leaning member . I have voted for you in the House as well as the
              Senate because I feel you are the right person for the job , and hope that you see the gravity of this issue.
              Howard Delo and Larry Edfelt are poor ( at best) candidates for the BOF . Please resist their confirmation. There
              were some great candidates seeking those appointments ( Roland Maw and Dwight Kramer ) that I wish Gov.
              Palin would have supported . Thank-You for your time and consideration.

              Joel Doner
              345-7262
              Bluenose-Snowplowri^att. net




            11/10/2009

                                                                                                                 PRA GSP01 _0001502
