Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
        From :                     gov.sarah@yahoo.com
        Sent :                     Thursday, May 03, 2007 5:54 PM
        To:                        Annette E Kreitzer
        Cc:                        Spencer; Kari L (GOV)
        Subject:                   Re: National Day of Prayer proclamation


         Pls send me the wording




         -----Original Message-----

        From: "Kreitzer, Annette \(Dept. of Admin\)" <Annette_Kreitzer@admin.state.ak.us>

        Date: Thu, 3 May 2007.16:35:02

        To:<gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

        Subject: National Day of Prayer proclamation



        Governor:

         We don't know each other really well, and I'm going out on a limb here, but the
        proclamation I read today for National Day of Prayer did not sound like you. It was, and
        I apologize for my language here, mamby-pamby pabulum. I did not have an opportunity to
        read it before around 10 a.m. this morning.




        After the Governor's Prayer Breakfast, and your statements there (which I. again heard much
        positive feedback on today from the pastors who were at the Day of Prayer gathering), the
        proclamation was almost embarrassing.   I am always honored to offer remarks on your behalf
        and I don't mean to sound ungrateful for the opportunity - but, you asked us to tell it to
        you straight and so, I'm believing that you meant that.




        I held onto this email for about 30 minutes before sending it. In that time, I was told
        the Valley pastors who gathered for National Day of Prayer did not read the proclamation
        because of the wording. I guess that' s my confirmation that I should hit the send
        button.




        Thanks for all that you do and I know you're working hard on other issues, but I have been
        a witness to what happens when a Governor is insulated from any criticism. I believe you
                                                     1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0001524
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         can be an incredibly successful Governor.



         ak




                                                       2
