Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                   Page 1 of 1



             Unknown
              From :   Ivy Frye [Ivy_Frye@gov.state.ak.us]
              Sent:    Thursday, May 03, 2007 7:56 AM
              To:      Michael A Tibbles; gov.sarah@yahoo.com
              Subject: FW: Judicial Council Mtg with Palin Administration

           Larry Cohn is the executive director of the Judicial Council , the board charged with nominating judge candidates
           for the governor's consideration . They will be in town for a meeting in July to interview candidates for the Juneau
           Superior Court and have requested a meeting that has been tentatively set up in the conference room . We will be
           able to ask questions regarding their process for nomination , vetting , background checks , and specifics on all of
           the nominations we've received thus far.


           From : Ivy Frye [mailto:Ivy_Frye@gov.state.ak.us)
           Sent: Thursday, May 03, 2007 7:53 AM
           To: Cohn, Larry S (AJC)
           Subject : Judicial Council Mtg with Palin Administration

           Larry,

           There is a tentative meeting set up with Governor Palin, Mike Tibbles , the members of the Judicial Council, you,
           and me on July 12th. I will be in touch when the date becomes more firm.

           What time on the 12th could you all arrive in Juneau? This will help in finding a time to meet in the conference
           room. We prefer to have a meeting where we can hear from each of the members and converse casually , rather
           than have Governor Palin stand up and give a speech . I look forward to hearing from you regarding arrival times
           so I can touch base with Kari Spencer, the governor's scheduler. I will also check with Attorney General Colberg
           to see if he will be in Juneau that day and can attend the meeting also.
           Thanks Larryl

           Ivy Frye
           Director of Boards and Commissions
           Office of Governor Sarah Palm
           (907) 465-3500 office
           (907) 465-8110 fax




           8/26/2009

                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01 _0001552
