Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                      Page 1 of I



             Unknown

             From :    Kari Spencer [kari spencer@gov.state .ak.us]
             Sent:     Friday, May 04, 2007 12:07 PM
             To:       gov.sarah@yahoo.com
             Subject: FW: KINY: Palin to throw out first ball at opening of Juneau little league play

           Hi Governor: for tomorrow's event at the ball field! Karl.

           From: Christopher Clark [mailto:christopher Clark@gov.state.ak.us]

           Holy cowl
           I didn't know the Governor was going to be back in town for the following event . I hope she's loosening up her arm!

           Ronald Reagan would practice pitches days before throwing the first pitch at a baseball game.
                                                for

           Pete used this as a cute kicker for his newscast this morning ...



           C1Palin to throw out first ball at opening of Juneau little league play
           Tomorrow [Saturday] is opening day for the Gastineau Channel Little League's 56th season.

           League President Sheldon Winters says Governor Palln Is slated to throw out the first pitch.

           Winters says they hear the Governor Palin is quite the athlete.

           He says they don't know if In                            ran        ea-tor now wi            e'll be. They'll just have
           to wait and see.

           12 year-old Ryan Kelly is scheduled catch the first pitc h ,

           Ryan has played in the league since he was 6 years-old.

           Winters says they've told Ryan exactly what he's suppose to do. " H_'! going to make
           Governor Palin look really good," according to Winters.

           They'll be something new this year for opening day.

           The teams will march around the field and be Introduced along with their sponsors.

           There are 52 teams in 11 different divisions with nearly 700 players , ages 5 to 16 years-old

           This year's opening day theme is "Honoring our Volunteers."

           All past and present volunteers , sponsors, parents, players and the public at large are invited to attend.


           Coffee, doughnuts and food will be available, as well as the sale of excess uniforms, surplus equipment
           and new Gastineau Channel Little League logo apparel.

           Opening day ceremonies get started at 10 a.m. at Adair-Kennedy Park.

           Opening day games will start at 1 p.m. at most of the area ball fields.




           8/26/2009
                                                                                                                       PRA_GSP01_0001643
