                                                                                                          Page 1 of 1



     Unknown
     From:    Bailey, Frank T (GOV) [frank.bailey@alaska.gov]
     Sent :   Wednesday, October 17, 2007 4:14 PM
     To:      ExternalEmailgsp; fek9wnr@yahoo.com
     Subject: FW: BP AOGA Flier

 Here' s the BP/AOGA flier that Kelly brought to us . I realize you may not be able to open the attachment . If not let
 me know and I'll transcribe some points or fax it to you somewhere.

 F


 From : Bailey, Frank T (GOV)
 Sent: Wednesday, October 17, 2007 4:13 PM
 To: Balash, Joseph R (GOV); Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Nizich, Michael A (GOV); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV);
 Kelly, Russell T (GOV); Leschper, Beth (GOV); Galvin, Patrick S (DOR); Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)
 Subject : BP AOGA Flier

 Hi Joe,

 Here's the flier I mentioned on the phone.

 Today this flier was picked up from the Eagle River Chamber. The person who brought it to us questioned the
 validity of BP's stats on page 2, but the flier uses the "Take A Stand" motto to go after ACES and utilizes Pat's
 quote from the bill launch that starts out "...we have not said that ACES improves the investment climate."

 I'm sure we'll see more of this over the next 30+ days

 I like Sharon's idea of us sending out some "high road" communication from the Governor essentially encouraging
 folks to keep the rhetoric down and focus on what we can all accomplish, not attacking each other.

 F

 Director, Boards and Commissions
 Office of Governor Sarah Palin
 907-269-7450




                                                                                               ROSTON 01073
 6/10/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
Request a free yard sign
to show your neighbors     Alaskans need to take a stand for Jobs NOT Taxes. As the legislature convenes
     what's at stake-      its special session on Alaska Day, Thursday, Oct. 18, to consider the state's plan to
                           increase oil taxes for the third time in three years, it is important that legislators hear
                           your view on this proposal.

                           Our oil pipeline is two-thirds empty and oil production
                           continues to fall. New industry investment is vital to produce
                           more oil to keep the pipeline going. Increasing oil taxes will
                           not extend the life of Alaska's economic lifeline.




                                                                                                   Take a stand by
                                                                                                   displaying a free
                                                                                                  magnet on your car.



Did you Know?                                                                What Others Are Saying:
According to the State                                                      "Frankly, we have not said that
of Alaska Department
of Revenue, 25%                                                             ACES improves the investment
of the oil flowing                                                           climate. Clearly, there is going
through TAPS must
come from projects
                                                                            to be a larger state share and
requiring significant                                                       that isn't going to make the
new investment,
in just three years.
                                                                            economics of projects better. "
Increasing taxes adds
                                                                            - Commissioner Pat Galvin,
costs to projects,
                                                                              Alaska Department of Revenue
and is not the way
to attract this new
investment.                                                                                          ROSTON 01074




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
                                                Facts about Alaska's
                                            Oil & Gas Production Taxes


  State Revenues
         On September 15, 2006, the Alaska Legislature passed the Petroleum Profits Tax (PPT).

          The tax resulted in over $1 billion dollars in additional revenue to the state during fiscal year 2007.

          The state projects that the petroleum revenues for fiscal year 2007 will be over $5 billion dollars. This
          estimate includes local taxes, state and royalties, and deposits to the permanent fund.

          The state forecasts that the. current PPT will raise $1.3 billion in fiscal year 2008, based on $60 oil.

          On September 5, 2007, the State of Alaska announced a Special Session to revisit the PPT.

         The State has announced a plan to revise the PPT increasing taxes on the oil and gas industry. Its
         stated goal is to raise an additional $700 million.

  Proposed Tax Increase
        Alaska has the highest tax in North America by far. The state estimates that the "government take" will
        increase even higher, to 69 cents out of every dollar with the proposed tax increase.

         That is 25 to 50 percent higher than places like the Gulf of Mexico and Canada.

         If approved, this will be the third tax increase in three years.

         Alaska ranks among the least stable regimes in the world - a ranking of 99 out of 103 according to
         Wood MacKenzie, an international energy research firm, in the June 2007 study.

  Keep the Pipeline Going
        TAPS is currently running at a third of its capacity and North Slope production is declining.

         Daily oil production on the North Slope has dropped 65%, from more than 2 million barrels per day in
         1988, to about 720,000 today.

         Every year the largest oil discovery on the North Slope comes from within the existing oil fields. In
         2006, BP invested In nearly 100 new wells, adding about 70 ,000 barrels per day of production . All were
         drilled in existing fields.

         High levels of investment and continued in-fill drilling enable Alaska to hold production decline to about
         6 percent a year. But without sustained investment, the decline in oil production would be significantly
         higher -- around 16 percent annually.

         Every year, there are more jobs (5,000+) provided, more wells drilled (57) and more production from
         Greater Prudhoe Bay (400,000 barrels) than any other field on the North Slope.

         Alaska must attract investment In existing and new oil fields in order to stop the decline in
         production and to keep the pipeline going.



                                                                                                   ROSTON 01075




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
