Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                 Page 1 of 1



             Unknown

              From :   Ivy Frye [Ivy_Frye@gov.state . ak.us]
             Sent:     Monday , May 07 , 2007 8:13 PM
             To:       Sarah Palin ; mike_tibbles@gov.state.ak.us
             Cc:       Meghan Stapleton
             Subject: Student Regent and Student Commissioner

           Governor Palin,

           Do you want to name the Student Regent and Student Commissioner on the same day? As we discussed,
           Pidmilpaed or   is the top candidate for Student Regent .. Below are the two names sent forward for ACPE. I
           think Privile ed or is the better candidate . If you want more time on Student Commissioner , we can still get the
           Regent appointment out the door. I could have Privileged or Personal M come up to the office tomorrow for a
           few minutes so you can congratulate him OR I could just contact him myself and send the draft press release
           information to Meg.

           Thanks guys,

           Ivy

           Alaska Post Secondary Education Commission:

           Robert Bell, UAA: He's the current student commissioner and has applied for re -appointment. Privileged or Pers
           Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




          John Roberson III, UAA: Received more votes from his peers than Robert Bell. Privileged or Personal Material ^
          Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




           Ivy Frye
          Director of Boards and Commissions
          Office of Governor Sarah Palin
          (907) 465-3500 office
          (907) 465-8110 fax




          8/24/2009

                                                                                                                 PRA GSP01_0001709
