Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From :                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
         Sent :                    Thursday, May 10, 2007 3:31 PM
         To:                       Frye; Ivy J (GOV); Michael A Tibbles
         Subject :                 Re: Aviation Advisory Board


         I dont know those other folks - are they good or bad? Supportive or not? Who are they...




         -----Original Message-----

         From :   Ivy Frye <ivy_frye@gov.state . ak.us>

         Date : Thu, 10 May 2007 09:44:37

         To:mike_tibbles @gov.state.ak.us,         ' Sarah Palin '    < gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

         Subject : FW: Aviation Advisory Board




         Here is an email I received from Kip re: Aviation Advisory.




        The four seats being considered are:



        Jim Dodson, rep for City and Borough of FBX




        Tom George, AK Airman's Assoc Rep (applying for seat vacated by Felix Maguire, he's
        endorsed by Kip, Paul Landis, and has stopped by the office a few times)



        Bob Jacobsen, Regional Air Carrier (we've discussed re-appt, he had an event last fall at
        Wings)



        Jack Barber, Public Member (appt last month)




        I'm curious if we are going to re-appoint Jim Dodson, appoint Tom George, and designate
                                                                  1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0001781
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Paul Landis as chair? These terms expired in March.




         Thanks,




         Ivy




         From : Knudson, Kip C. [mailto: KKnudson®tsocorp.com]

          Sent: Monday,    March 19, 2007 8:44 AM

          To: ivy_frye@gov. state.ak.us

          Subject : Aviation Advisory Board




        As a replacement for Wien, I would highly recommend Tom George , Aircraft Owners and Pilots
        Assoc . representative for Alaska.




        He has attended virtually every meeting since the board's creation , and has contributed
        more than most members . Because of big changes that are imminent in federal rules and
        fees regarding general aviation (which will have huge impact on Alaska ), Tom's service on
        the board would be very important.



                                                            2




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0001782
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         His telephone is 455-9000 in Fairbanks.




         I have heard that Paul Landis is a name being considered for chair .                  He would execute
         those duties very well.




         Should another opening occur ,        I would be happy to serve on this Board.




         As a side note , it would be very politic for the Governor drop in at the next Board
         meeting to thank Wien for his service .  Probably need to suggest to Torgerson that the
         next meeting be held in Fairbanks .  He was the prime mover behind the Board ' s creation.




         If you have any questions , please call me at 382-0219.




                                                               3



                                                                                                         PRA_GSP01_0001783
