Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                    Page 1 of 1



              Unknown

              From :    Ivy Frye [lvy_Frye@gov.state.ak.us]
              Sent:     Thursday, May 10, 2007 9:45 AM
              To:       'mike _tibbles@gov. state.ak.us; 'Sarah Palin'
              Subject: FW: Aviation Advisory Board


            Here is an email I received from Kip re: Aviation Advisory.

            The four seats being considered are:
            Jim Dodson, rep for City and Borough of FBX
            Tom George, AK Airman's Assoc Rep (applying for seat vacated by Felix Maguire, he's endorsed by Kip, Paul
            Landis, and has stopped by the office a few times)
            Bob Jacobsen, Regional Air Carrier (we've discussed re-appt, he had an event last fail at Wings)
            Jack Barber, Public Member (appt last month)

            I'm curious if we are going to re-appoint Jim Dodson, appoint Tom George, and designate Paul Landis as chair?
            These terms expired in March.

            Thanks,

            Ivy


            From: Knudson, Kip C. [mailto:KKnudson@tsocorp.com]
            Sent: Monday, March 19, 2007 8:44 AM
            To: ivy_frye@gov.state.ak.us
            Subject: Aviation Advisory Board

            As a replacement for Wien, I would highly recommend Tom George , Aircraft Owners and Pilots Assoc.
            representative for Alaska.

           He has attended virtually every meeting since the board's creation, and has contributed more than most
           members. Because of big changes that are imminent in federal rules and fees regarding general aviation (which
           will have huge impact on Alaska), Tom's service on the board would be very important.

            His telephone is 455-9000 in Fairbanks.

            I have heard that Paul Landis is a name being considered for chair. He would execute those duties very well.

            Should another opening occur, I would be happy to serve on this Board.

           As a side note, it would be very politic for the Governor drop in at the next Board meeting to thank Wien for his
           service. Probably need to suggest to Torgerson that the next meeting be held in Fairbanks. He was the prime
           mover behind the Board's creation.

           If you have any questions , please call me at 382-0219.




            8/28/2009

                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0001800
