Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                               Page 1 of 2



             Unknown
              From:    Ivy Frye [Ivy Frye@gov.state.ak.usj
              Sent:    Thursday, May 10, 2007 8:15 AM
             To:       'Sarah Palin ; mike_tibbles@gov.state.ak.us; Irwin; Tom E (DNR)
              Subject: Division of Ag


           Frustrated agriculture boss quits
           LARRY DEVILBISS: Lack of direction on key projects prompts resignation, he says.

           By S.J. KOMARNITSKY
           Anchorage Daily News

           Published: May 10, 2007
           Last Modified: May 10, 2007 at 04:17 AM

           WASILLA -- Larry DeVilbiss, director of the state Division of Agriculture, is resigning after a little
           more than two years on the job.

           DeVilbiss said he was frustrated with Gov. Sarah Palin's administration's lack of direction on key
           agriculture topics such as the state's ailing dairy industry and a state -run meat plant.

           He also said he knew he was likely to be replaced soon and wanted to leave now to take care of his own
           farming projects. DeVilbiss owns a Palmer-area farm where he raises beef and carrots.

           "It was becoming obvious that if the governor intended to confirm me, she would have done it," he said.
           "I've got to put up hay and make a living."

           His last day on the job is May 31, he said.

           DeVilbiss, a former Matanuska-Susitna Borough assemblyman who also serves on the borough School
           Board and on the Matanuska Electric Association board of directors, was appointed agriculture director
           in February 2005 by then-Gov. Frank Murkowski.

           As head of the agency charged with oversight of agriculture in Alaska, he earns $85,700 annually to
           oversee a staff of about 50, an annual budget of about $7 million and myriad programs from promotion
           of the Alaska Grown logo to a state seed-potato program.

           During his administration, he was criticized by some farmers for his efforts to privatize the state-owned
           Mt. McKinley Meat and Sausage Plant and his support of a state lawsuit against a farming group over
           the use of the Alaska Grown logo.

           Members of the Mat-Su chapter of the Alaska Farm Bureau -- the defendant in the state's lawsuit -- were
           particularly critical, labeling him anti-farmer.

           DeVilbiss said he was trying to do what he believed was best for the industry , which included
           privatization.



           8/31/2009

                                                                                                               PRA GSP01_0001803
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                             Page 2 of 2


            While he was unable to resolve many outstanding issues in his two years in office, DeVilbiss said he
            thought he at least moved the discussion forward on topics like privatizing the meat plant and, more
            recently, possibly privatizing the state-owned Matanuska Maid dairy.

            ACHIEVEMENTS CITED

            He said he considers among his accomplishments expansion of the state 's export of seed potatoes and
            apparently convincing state officials to put $1 million into this year's general fund budget for the
            agriculture division.

            Those funds had previously been removed from the state loan fund for farmers.

           While critical of the Palin administration , DeVilbiss noted that the Natural Resources Department,
           which oversees the division, experienced extensive turnover in his two years , including three changes of
           director. He also noted that agriculture, which generates only about $50 million a year in revenue, takes
           a back seat, perhaps legitimately , to issues involving other industries like oil and gas that bring in
           billions.

           But, he said, he believes the state needs to support a supply of locally grown food.

            "Someday the oil is going to run out," he said.

           Still, he noted that current deputy commissioner Dick LeFebvre has been more involved in agriculture
           issues, which he found encouraging.

           NO REPLACEMENT CHOSEN

           State Department of Natural Resources spokesman Dan Saddler said no replacement has been picked for
           DeVilbiss. He said names will have to be forwarded by the state Board of Agriculture and Conservation.

           In an interview late last month , LeFebvre acknowledged the administration was under pressure to
           replace DeVilbiss but said he didn't expect a decision until after the legislative session ended.

           Saddler said Wednesday that he did not know about those discussions.

           As far as DeVilbiss ' complaints about a lack of direction, Saddler said the director was entitled to his
           opinion.

           "I'm sure he's got his view on that and there's certainly a lot going on in the department," he said.




           Ivy Frye
           Director of Boards and Commissions
           Office of Governor Sarah Pahn
           (907) 465-3500 office
           (907) 465-8110 fax




           8/31/2009

                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0001804
