Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From :                    Tom Irwin [tom_irwin@dnr. state.ak.us]
         Sent:                     Saturday, May 12 , 2007 6:15 PM
         To:                       Sarah Palin
         Subject:                  RE: ag/mat maid

         Governor,  thanks for your support, there is a ton of work but fixing the challenges makes
         the effort worthwhile.   The issues below are time sensitive with item 1 needing immediate
         direction, it will only get worse and items 2 & 3 needing must have final decisions early
         this week.  Also its time to be praying for rain in the Interior.



         Next week there are three priorities that DNR must work on and move forward Dick has been
         working hard on these while Marty and I have been gone. 1) Ag - Director, Mat Maid,
         farmer's concerns, etc. 2) Kenai River - hydrocarbon levels in the water, 2-cycle
         engines, 50-hp, hull options, timing so we don't hurt Alaskans. Dick has been
         coordinating this with DNR, F&G, and DEC and 3) ACMP's position for off shore work that
         addresses North Slope concerns and provides a path forward for Shell.



         Marty, Dick, and I have a conference call planned for Monday on these issues. As we
         finalize recommended decisions we will need some of your time to discuss and make sure
         you are up to date. Each decision will upset someone. We just need to do it right.



         I will stay in Fairbanks on Monday to attend the funeral service we discussed.



        Have a very happy Mother's Day tomorrrow. Tom




         -----Original Message-----

        From: "Sarah Palin" <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

        To: "Tom Irwin" <tom Irwin@dnr.state.ak.us>; ivy_frye@gov.state.ak.us

        Sent: 5/12/07 3:54 PM

        Subject: ag/mat maid



        Tom:




           Whenever you're ready to start tackling Ag issues (and Mat-Maid), I am.




          I know we all have a ton on our plates and I appreciate you squeezing in another
        "challenge" we have in front of us with Ag.



                                                                  1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0001839
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           I'd like to find a director from the Mat -Su Valley ,             as it seems that's where the focus
         of Ag is and has been lately.




           Franci Havemeister is willing to help where we need her. Don't know if director position
         is best for her, I ' d like you to talk to her and see if you feel she'd fit in any
         particular role . She's of the Havemeister Dairy Farm family - one of only three left
         providing milk to MatMaid.



           We need to bring new energy into Ag and the BAC board ,              too. I ' ll ask Ivy for list of bd
         members.



           We need good business minds to be in there deciding the direction of some aspects of Ag.



           Thanks!




        Yahoo! oneSearch : Finally ,           mobile search that gives answers, not web links




                                                                2




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0001840
