Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From :                    Patrick Galvin [patrick_galvin@ revenue. state.ak.us]
         Sent:                     Monday, May 14, 2007 12:30 PM
         To:                       gov .sarah@yahoo.com; Stapleton; Meghan N (GOV); Tails J Colberg; Tibbles; Michael A
                                    GOV)
         Subject:                  RE: PPT


         I think a conference call or meeting soon would be beneficial for all of us on this issue.
         I'm proceeding with acquiring the economic expertise to tackle the policy issues
         associated with "gross vs. net," "oil tax rate vs. gas tax rate," and "Alaska vs. the
         world average tax rate."




         All of these are separate issues from the legality of the PPT vote. However, to the
         extent that we can prove PPT was a corrupt decision, it provides us with a clean slate to
         proceed, and we don't have to compare everything to PPT.




        As we move forward, it will be important to clearly explain to the public the distinctions
        between our various investigations into PPT. Providing a clear divide between the
        technical analysis and the public trust/corruption investigation.



         - Pat



         -----Original Message-----

        From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com (mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]

        Sent: Monday, May 14, 2007 11:10 AM

        To: Meghan N Stapleton; Talis J Colberg

        Subject: Re: PPT



        Meg:      Totally agree with both your points here.



        Talis:

        My challenge on these points is working so closley with many who were close to the ppt
        issue and because they have so much on their plates they don't seem as enthused about
        digging deep - and they may enjoy working in the isolation provided by Juneau more than i
        do (to me, this isolated environment seems unfair to the rest of concerned Alaskans).



        Ppt investigation is hugely important and i need objective minds delving into it - we need
        new blood taking a look at this issue. We need the independent investigation.



        Its a challenge - getting to the bottom of ppt vs gross has to be tackled.


                                                                1




                                                                                                          PRA_GSP01_0001853
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         -----Original Message-----

         From: Meghan Stapleton <meghan_stapleton@gov.state.ak.us>

         Date: Mon, 14 May 2007 10:56:40

         To:'Sarah Palin' <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

         Subject: RE: PPT




         I am a vote for independent auditors / investigators. It is important, especially with due
         caution that the process and the vote were influenced.




         Additionally, Sharon mentioned your thought of Anchorage for the special session - I can't
         imagine a better place . Perhaps the close proximity to more of the people in this state
         will help to minimize undue influence.




        Meghan N. Stapleton



        Communications Director



        Office of Governor Sarah Palin



        907.269.7450 0



        907.269.7463 f



                                                       2




                                                                                                 PRA_GSP01 _0001854
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Please be thinking about this, and consider my request to have independent
        auditors / investigators help us tackle this monumental issue.




        I will be responding to legislators in their request for special session on PPT soon. Want
        to make sure we're all on same page before responding to their call for my attention given
        to the idea of PPT Special Session . ( BTW, I'm game for session on this in the fall if need
        be.)




        ----------------



        Food fight ? Enjoy some healthy debate

         in the Yahoo ! Answers Food & Drink Q&A.




                                                        4




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0001856
