Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                              Page 1 of 1


             Unknown
             From :   John Katz Uwkatz@ALASKADC.org)
             Sent:    Monday , May 21 , 2007 7:11 AM
             To:      Balash; Joseph R (GOV); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
             Cc:      Larry Persily; Bishop; Samuel T (GOV); Nizich; Michael A (GOV); Governor Sarah Palin
             Subject: TLMP/Industry
             We met today with Dennis Watson, Mayor of Craig, and Steve Silver to discuss
             the State's position on TLMP, among other things. They are quite concerned
             about certain portions of the State's letter to the Forest Service, particularly
             the treatment of the Annual Harvest Level and the Conservation Guidelines. I
             responded that I thought their interpretation of the letter and our objectives
             was too restrictive.

             They reiterated their request for a high level meeting with the Administration,
             hopefully including the Governor. I was non-committal about the Governor's
             involvement pending further discussions. However, I did mention that we had
             talked internally about meetings and other mechanisms to obtain industry
             and community input on a regular basis.

             If we have not done so already, I would recommend scheduling a meeting with
             the appropriate folks to discuss the State's letter and next steps. I think that
             this would be useful for all concerned and would help avoid any alienation of
             the industry and their allies.

             Incidently, they predicted that, in the absence of remedial action by the Forest
             Service, two of the mills would disappear over the next two years. Watson and
             Silver believe that the State, as a cooperating agency, must take a strong
             position with the Forest Service to avoid this and to build upon the
             recommendations in our letter.


            Please note that my email address has changed. My new email address is
            jwkatz(a,alaskadc.org. Thank you .




            11/10/2009

                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01_0001943
