Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                            Page 1 of 2



             Unknown

              From :   Denby Lloyd [denby_Iloyd@fishgame. state .ak.us]
              Sent:    Monday, May 21, 2007 12:38 PM
              To:      'gov.sarah@yahoo.com'
              Cc:     'Michael A Tibbles; 'John W Bitney'; 'Meghan N Stapleton'; Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
             Subject: RE: Painted bears

           Governor:

           I wasn't aware of this particular effort until late last week as well. As you
           know, the Russian River is the site of an extremely dense sport fishery for sockeye
           salmon, and also the site of frequent bear-human interactions (some of them lethal
           to bears and harmful to people). While potentially unorthodox, or at least
           unexpected, this dye-marking program is an attempt to better identify those bears
           that are problems before they become so habituated as to likely cause injury. Of
           course, people should be wary and careful of all bears, but being able to easily
           identify particular bears will help the public accurately report interactions with
           those bears that are suspected of becoming problems.

           Below is an explanation of this effort from our Division of Wildlife Conservation
           staff.  Please let me know if you need more information.


           The plan to    mark certain individual brown bears at the Russian River is part of an
           interagency    effort (in conjunction with the Forest Service and the Fish & Wildlife
           Service) to    improve public safety and reduce bear/human conflicts that occur in
           association    with the famous Russian River sport fishery each summer.

           The reason the scheme to mark bears with dye and install fish carcass grinders
           appeared in the ADN (and the Empire) is because Wildlife Conservation staff were
           trying to be proactive, getting information in front of the public before the
           salmon run draws crowds to the area.

           There are a number of bears that are habituated to humans along the Russian, and
           the river receives intense pressure from `combat fishermen' each year. This
           juxtaposition leads to frequent bear-human encounters, and because of the
           inexperience of many visitors around bears and the tendency to be fearful of them,
           we have unfortunate incidents on the river most years. One manifestation of this
           is the tendency for bears to be wounded or killed by people who fear for their own
           safety, often when the bears are offering no particular threat.

           As the result of such killings in the past we have had several instances of young
           bears being orphaned, and these often survive by feeding on fish caught by humans
           along the river.  This ranges from stealing fish that have been landed to bluffing
           fishermen out of fish they are catching, to eating discarded butchered fish
           carcasses.  These bears lose their fear of humans and are often in close proximity
           to people along the bank.

           The management agencies need to track how bears are interacting with people, and it
           is important to be able to differentiate between individuals in case certain bears
           develop bad habits.  People have a poor record of being able to distinguish
           individual bears based on pelage characteristics, scars, or other features (even
           ear tags).  The proposal to dye mark certain bears is an attempt to help agency
           staff keep people and bears safe this season by allowing us to monitor behavior
           more reliably than has been possible in the past.




           8/25/2009
                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0001952
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                  Page 2 of 2



            We would not be marking these bears except for the extreme potential for human-bear
            interactions on this stream, and it is one part of an interagency attempt to reduce
            the type of problems seen in past years. All the agencies are interested in
            increasing the safety of both people and bears in this situation.

            Let me know if you require additional information.

            MRR

            Matt Robus , Director
            Division of Wildlife Conservation
            Alaska Department of Fish & Game
            (907) 465-4190




           Denby S. Lloyd
           Commissioner
           Alaska Department of Fish and Game
           P.O. Box 115526
           Juneau, AK 99811-5526
           907-465-4719


           -----Original Message-----
           From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com7
           Sent: Monday, May 21, 2007 7:19 AM
           To: Denby S Lloyd
           Cc: Michael A Tibbles; John W Bitney; Meghan N Stapleton; Sharon W Leighow
           Subject: Painted bears

           Denby: any input you can give me on the painted bears idea that I read about (and
           recvd emails on) yest in ADN's top story?

           Not sure about that one - at least the way it came across in the press . Others are
           saying painting some but not others leave the impression some bears are harmless -
           I had to respond that I did not know about this until I read the article.

           Pls fill me in. Thank you




           8/25/2009

                                                                                                   PRA_GSP01_0001953
