Unknown

From :                   Fagerstrom, Erika (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                         GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=EFAGERSTROM]
Sent :                   Monday, October 29, 2007 6:12 AM
To:                      'fek9wnr@yahoo.com'
Subject :                Re: House


Todd,



I'll make some phone calls this morning and get back to you this afternoon with an update on the
specifics you requested for the House projects. I apologize for the inconveniences.



The 4- 5 min. delay for hot water is due to the re-circulating pump being shut off for this phase of the
plmbg. project. Thursday they came up with a way to get hot water to the mstr. bath quicker, but I'll
call to see why it's still taking so long and have them address the problem again.



We're on our way back from

S. Dakota but we got stuck in Seattle, we'll get back to Jnu. by this afternoon.



Ryan's team won; great to finally see one of his games!



Thanks,

Erika




----- Original Message -----

From: Todd Palin <fek9wnr@yahoo.com>

To: Fagerstrom, Erika (GOV)

Sent: Sun Oct 28 18:33:15 2007

Subject: House


                                                    1                               ROSTON 01105




 Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
Erika,



What's the time line on the construction schedule for

the Mansion,are they on schedule,are they over

budget.We don't want to get hit with major expense's

that weren't planned.The hot water takes forever to

heat up,has the system changed or are they working on

it.it's difficult to live there when construction is

taking place on all three floors,can they tackle

living quarters and get it over with.Give me a call

after you have spoken with the contractors.



Thanks Todd




How was Ryan's game ,did he win.




Do You Yahoo!?

Tired of spam? Yahoo! Mail has the best spam protection around

http://mail.yahoo.com
                                                       2         ROSTON 01106




 Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
                                                            ROSTON 01107
                                     3




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
