Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From :                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
         Sent:                     Tuesday, May 22 , 2007 9:26 AM
         To:                       Meghan N Stapleton ; Tom E Irwin; Balash ; Joseph R (GOV)
         Subject:                  Re: AG BRIEFING - TRY THIS. DOES IT SHOW FOR YOU NOW?


         Got it now. Hopefully i'll get to read this all asap to be ready for rob. Someone else
         will be there also, tho, right?



        And it'll save time meeting him at Chamber speech wouldnt it?




         -----Original Message-----

         From: Meghan Stapleton <meghan_stapleton@gov.state.ak.us>

        Date: Tue, 22 May 2007 08:55:46

        To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

        Subject: AG BRIEFING - TRY THIS. DOES IT SHOW FOR YOU NOW?



        VIII) Agriculture Questions from Rob Stapleton



        Question 1: Based on the BACs decision to privatize Mat-Maid what is the interim plan to
        buy local milk should the dairy quit before another bottling plant is up and running?




        Response to Question 1: If Mat-Maid is privatized purchase of milk from the producers may
        be on-going. This of course would depend on the terms and conditions of any sale and the
        private operator's intentions. The BAC is well aware of the position the producers would
        be in if the sale was immediate and milk purchases were to be curtailed prior to Mat Maid
        continuing its operation under a new owner or the proposed new dairy in Palmer started
        purchasing milk. We supported the $600,000 for either a soft landing or a transition
        period to a privatized dairy. The worst case scenario is a liquidation of Mat-Maid assets.
        The goal is a reasoned ratcheting down so the producers have time to deal with it as best
        possible. Will there be problems, yes. However, if Mat Maid can operate until the new
        dairy is operational it provides a bridge to help the producers.




                                                              1




                                                                                                        PRA_GSP01_0001982
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Question 2: Do you feel that agriculture is a viable future business for the State to
         invest in?




         Response to Question 2: No one can predict the future . However , we can provide
         comprehensive directions for the agricultural industry and a positive environment to
         foster growth. A strategic plan that provides comprehensive direction will allow both the
         agricultural industry and the State to forge a solid relationship so that industry can
         grow and prosper . Over the past years the industry shows an overall increased growth in
         most commodities , including all feed crops ( such as barley, hay and oats ), all vegetables
         (such as potatoes ) and other crops (including greenhouse and nursery ), but dairy products
         and all meat animals were down . We have success stories in Alaska grown products with
         potential new markets developing in Alaska such as use by the cruse ship industry. We must
         continue to support our successes and provide for new potential development as well as
         expansion where appropriate. We must tap or resources such as the University and others to
         build a stable and viable industry.




        Question 3:   If so, will the state continue to support Alaska grown products in the
        future? ( How, a plan?)




        Response to Question 3: Yes , a strategic plan that is designed to provide a map to the
        future that recognizes the current status of the State's-agricultural industry as well as
        to outline a timetable for its future goals and objectives and their associated costs.



                 It is critical that the core of Alaska ' s agricultural industry that is currently
        in place must be supported yet allowed to develop new priority programs and initiatives.



                    Impediments to industry growth must be identified and creatively resolved.



                 Strengths , underutilized abilities , and limited resources must be identified so
        that they may be enhanced and strengthened by additional investment.




        Question 4: Will your administration leave a legacy for the agriculture industry?

                                                        2




                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0001983
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Response to Question 4: The State and the agricultural industry . have experienced both
         failures and successes .  The current policy does not fully reflect or recognize Alaska's
         potential for a diversified agricultural industry , the characteristics of a diversified
         industry , or the need for long term stability . Numerous agricultural development projects,
         plans, analyses , and studies have been undertaken , and issues and proposals have been
         debated . A plan developed by interactive participation of public and private participants
         that will include the general public , providers , producers , processors , agencies,
         legislators and consumers that provides a map to the future is needed to assist
         agriculture to be a healthy and sustainable industry . I can see that a plan is
         accomplished , but to implement it will take the help and hard work of all of us working
         together . We can continue to build upon our successes and create new opportunities for the
         future . This is not about me; it ' s about supporting an Alaskan agricultural industry, a
         renewable resources industry.




         Question 5: What is the State's long - range plan for its agriculture dedicated land at Pt.
         MacKenzie ? Industrial , airport, etc.




         Response to Question 5: The land has been sold for agriculture . The use is restricted to
         agriculture . We have no plans to do otherwise . If parcels are returned to the State, they
         are reviewed and a decision made as to offering them either in their current configuration
         or to consider smaller tracts and the necessary conditions.




         Question 6: Grocers in Alaska say that there is only a three - day supply of milk products
         on hand in their stores and warehouses . Is there any emergency plan in place should Alaska
         be isolated from receiving outside milk and shipments to provide milk with a local dairy
         product for children and babies?




        Response to Question 6: DMV through emergency preparedness plans.


                                                       3



                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0001984
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Meghan N . Stapleton



        Communications Director



        Office of Governor Sarah Palin



        907.269.7450 0



        907.269.7463 f



        907.321.4975 c




                                                       4
