Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                             Page 1 of 1



             Unknown

             From :    John Katz [jwkatz @ALASKADC.orgj
             Sent:     Wednesday, May 23, 2007 5:20 AM
             To:       Governor Sarah Palin
             Cc:       Michael Tibbles; Mike Nizich ; Craig Campbell
             Subject: Governor's MidEast Trip

           I have continued to talk with the Department of Defense about the possibility of
           your traveling to the MidEast to meet Alaska troops stationed there.

           At the moment, there are two basic options. First, there is a good possibility that
           you could travel to Kuwait, with a quick visit to Iraq, in early to mid June. This
           would not be a full blown DoD tour. Rather, you and a Democratic Governor (if
           available) would travel by commercial airline in the company of a DoD escort. I
           don't think that the full spectrum of briefings would occur, and the main focus of
           your trip would be Kuwait not Iraq or Afghanistan.

           The second option would be DoD's complete package consisting of extensive
           briefings here followed by travel on a military aircraft and possible trips to Kuwait,
           Iraq, and Afghanistan. Because of the intense heat now beginning in the MidEast,
           this trip would not occur until the fall. More Governors would probably be involved.

           The fall trip has the obvious advantage of being more comprehensive and more
           convenient . However, it might occur around the time of a possible special session of
           the Leglislature . The June possibility would focus on Kuwait, where most of the
           Alaska National Guard troops are located . But, you would not get the full flavor of
           the MidEast conflict , and travel by commercial air would be more arduous.

           I have discussed all of this with General Campbell. He recommends that you travel
           now. Your principal focus would be on meeting members of the Alaska National
           Guard in Kuwait. General Campbell indicates that they will most likely remain
           there until the November-December time period. However, other elements of the
           MidEast situation could change.

           Before proceeding further, I request your guidance. DoD is prepared to pursue
           which ever option you would prefer.

           Thanks.


           Please note that my email address has changed. My new email address is
           jwkatz@alaskadc.org. Thank you .




           8/26/2009
                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01_0002018
