Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From :                     gov.sarah@yahoo.com
         Sent:                      Thursday, May 24, 2007 12:02 PM
         To:                        Frye; Ivy J (GOV)
         Subject :                  Fw: FYI




         -----Original Message-----

         From: Wayne Anthony Ross <waralaska@alaska.com>

         Pate: Thu, 24 May 2007 12:02:06

         To:"Palin, Sarah" <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

         Subject: FYI



         Hi Sarah!




         Our Godson, Carl Ross Brent, graduated from Wasilla HS. Barb and I drove up there for the
         graduation service last night, arriving in Wasilla at 6:35 where we got stuck in the
         largest traffic jam I have even been in 39 years in Alaska. Remembering Wasilla as a
         crossroads consisting of Teeland's, the RR station, and a bar, I never thought we would
         get stuck in a traffic jam there that was at least a mile long. At 7PM, still in traffic,
         I called Carl's father on his cell phone. He said the Sport's Complex was filled and even
         if we eventually got there, we would not get a place to sit. He suggested we turn around
         and go home, so we did. Carl called later and said that people were parking on the Parks
         Highway and walking to the complex. He also said that you gave a good speech. He
         particularly liked your reference to Probasco graduating from Palmer HS while you
         graduated from Wasilla HS, and you got to be Governor. Sounds like it was a fun event.
         As for Barb and me, se spent 3 and 4 hours in the car and never did get there.




         I sent you an email earlier recommending Catherine Easter for appointment as a judge to a
         vacant District Court position.  Here's some more info I gathered on her:




         Catherine got the highest score on the Bar poll, not only overall but in each of the six
         categories.  Her overall score was a 4.4 which is exceptionally high. Cole got 4.0,
         Postma 3.9, and Darnell 3.8. For integrity, fairness, and judicial temperament, Catherine
                                                                 1




                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0002033
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         got 4.6, 4.5, and 4 . 5 respectively .   Very high!




         A woman has not been appointed to the Anchorage court in over 6 years .              Only 5 of the
         sitting 23 judges in Anchorage are women.




         Catherine has the support of the district attorneys and law enforcement .  Cole is not
         favored by law enforcement , and is described as a liberal from NY . COL Audie Holloway,
         Director of the AST sent a letter of support for Catherine as did the APD Employees
         Association.




         Darnell ' s wife, Karie Christianson , is already a Superior Court Judge , having been
         appointed by Murkowski six months ago. Two judges in one family seems a bit much.




         Postma has only been admitted since 2000 .  He went through 2 law firms in 4 years before
         ending up at the AG's office for the last three .  Only 74 bar members knew him enough to
         rate him.  Catherine was evaluated by 141 members.




         In short, I weigh in on Catherine Easter for that District Court Judicial position.




         Hope this information assists you in making your decision.




         My best to you and your great family,



                                                          2




                                                                                                     PRA_GSP01 _0002034
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         WAR




                                                        3




                                                                                                 PRA GSP01_0002035
