Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Unknown
        From :                    Mike Tibbles [mike tibbles@gov.state.ak.us]
        Sent:                     Thursday, May 24, 2007 10:44 AM
        To:                       gov. sarah@yahoo.com
        Subject:                  RE: outside Juneau


        How about if I ask Nizich to be our project lead? He has the technical experience to know
        what it will take. He can task Kris and others in Anchorage to be very involved with the
        logistics.



        Mike



        -----Original Message-----

        From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]

        Sent: Thursday, May 24, 2007 7:36 AM

        To: Frank Bailey; Michael A Tibbles; John W Bitney

        Cc: Kristina Y Perry; Tom Irwin; Martha K Rutherford; Patrick S Galvin; Joseph R Balash;
        Bruce-Anders@dnr.state.ak.us

       .Subject: Re: outside juneau



       Haven't even had time yet to go there - but you're right they should be. That was Gatto
       and Nueman's idea too as they discussed actually moving the legislature over the years.



       Bit - who's working on the leg's end of the idea of special session on rd system? We told
       KTUU we'd have logistics to discuss/announce in a few wks. Tibbles - who do you want to
       assign this to - "figuring it all out" w/ special session temporary relocation. Do you
       want the Anch office to tackle this? We've got some kick-butt folks who put together not
       only all the campaign logistics, but inaugural events, etc. And some of those folks are in
       our employ today!



       Bit - is the 30day notice now in place for special session calls?



       Im ccing gasline folks be they'll need to be in loop on steps towards special session be
       it's sounding more and more like there's going to be one.

       Obviously.




       -----Original Message-----

       From:     fran-k bailey <ftb907@ yahoo.com>

                                                                1




                                                                                                           PRA GSPO1_0002052
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Date: Thu, 24 May 2007 01:03:25

         To:Sarah Palin <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

         Subject: outside juneau



         Governor,



        Is anyone soliciting bids from communities and putting together packages on what it would
        cost to run the Special on the road system? IMHO if some of these communities were on
        their toes they'd throw in a meeting hall and lots of offices for legislators and staff
        pro bono or competitively just to bring the Special to their city, whether that be
        Anchorage, Wasilla, Palmer, Fairbanks, or Soldotna.



         Just a thought.



         F




                                                        2



                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0002053
