  Unknown

  From :    Frye, Ivy J (DOA) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=IJFRYE]
  Sent:     Thursday, November 01, 2007 9:19 AM
  To:       Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Bailey; Frank T (GOV); gov.sarah@yahoo.com; fek9wnr@yahoo.com
  Subject : "Trifecta of Absurdity"
  Amen! This guy has hit the nail on the head! Of course, I am only sharing MY personal opinion.

  Enough!
  Ramras hits a trifecta
  In the Legislature's debate about fixing Alaska's corruption-tainted oil tax, Fairbanks
  Republican Rep. Jay Ramras is providing unintentional comic relief. From his perch on the
  House Oil and Gas Committee, he has committed a trifecta of absurdity.
  First, he suggested that Gov. Sarah Palin was the second coming of Joe McCarthy, the anti-
  Communist witch hunter of the 1950s. Ramras seemed to be saying that with mean of
  Sarah pushing so hard for a new oil production tax, legislators like him who dared resist the
  change faced McCarthy-style political persecution.
  Next, Ramras compared himself to the famous unknown protester in China who stopped a
  line of tanks in Tiananmen Square during a brief uprising in the late 1980s. If necessary,
  Ramras said, he'd do the same -- meaning, presumably, he'd stand up to the oppressive
  power of the state Legislature and governor and defend the poor, powerless oil companies
  of Alaska.
 Finally, Ramras complained about how hard it is to be an oil company in Alaska. Those poor
 companies, he said -- the masses of Alaskans just don't understand how hard it is to scour
 the world looking for oil and try to keep making more money so your shareholders will be
 happy.
 Memo to Rep. Ramras: Oil company shareholders aren't the ones you're paid to worry
 about. Check your Alaska Constitution. You're paid to worry about Alaskans, who are
 shareholders in Alaska's oil wealth. Your job is, as the Alaska Constitution says, to get
 Alaskans the maximum benefit from the development of those publicly owned resources.
 There's plenty of room to disagree about what "maximum benefit" means when a legislator
 is making oil tax decisions. In that debate, Alaska's oil companies and supporters have no
 trouble making their voices heard, without the rhetorical excesses of Jay Ramras.
  BOTTOM LINE: Some legislators don't know when they are hurting their own cause.




                                                                                              ROSTON 01116
  10/14/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
