  Unknown

  From :       Bailey , Frank T (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
               GROUP/CN=REC I PI ENTS/CN=FTBAI LEY]
  Sent :       Thursday, November 01, 2007 4:19 PM
  To:          fek9wnr@yahoo.com
  Subject : FW: GC License
  Hi Todd,

  This isn't anything definitive unfortunately on GC Insurance for Showers. I will call him tomorrow and
  follow up though.

  F


  From: Hall, Linda S (CED)
  Sent: Thursday, November 01, 2007 3:33 PM
  To: Austerman, Joseph M (CED); Strickler, Jenny R (CED)
  Cc: Bailey, Frank T (GOV)
  Subject : RE: GC License

  Frank - there is no list of providers who actually would be willing to write insurance for Mr. Showers. The
  Division of Insurance web site has lists of insurance companies, but this is no list of those who specifically
  write contractors. Mr. Showers needs to contact insurance agents who can help him find an insurance
  company who writes the particular types of business he conducts. There are very few companies today
  who are willing to write small contractors, especially small generals who tend to be "paper contractors".
  Due to litigation over construction default and the length of statutes of limitation, Alaska (and most of the
  western states) are not markets that are particularly attractive today. A good agent should be able to help
  him find a company - but he also needs to be aware that this is fairly expensive.

  Linda S. Hall
  Director
  Division of Insurance
  907-269-7900
  linda.hall@alaska.gov

  From : Austerman, Joseph M (CED)
 Sent: Thursday, November 01, 2007 2:52 PM
 To: Strickler, Jenny R (CED); Hall, Linda S (CED)
 Subject: FW: GC License

  Hi Ladies,

  Could you help me help the Gov's office with the issue outlined in Frank Bailey's request?

 Thank you in advance for your help.

 Joe


 From: Bailey, Frank T (GOV)
 Sent: Wednesday, October 31, 2007 10:20 AM
 To: Austerman, Joseph M (CED)
 Subject: GC License

 Hi Joe!

                                                                                                    ROSTON 01117
  10/15/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
  Was hoping you could point me in the right direction with Rick Urion out of commission. There is a gentleman by
  the name of Don Showers who is trying to get insured (as required) for his General Contractor License. Is there a
  list of providers somewhere in the State? He's trying to be in compliance, lives in the valley, and can't seem to
  find viable insurers to insure him.

  Do you have any idea who could help research this?

  Thanks so much man.

  F

  Director, Boards and Commissions
  Office of Governor Sarah Palin
  907-269-7450




                                                                                              ROSTON 01118
  10/15/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
