Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                   Page 1 of 1



              Unknown

              From :    Ivy Frye [Ivy_Frye@gov. state.ak.us]
              Sent:     Friday, June 01, 2007 2:01 PM
              To:       gov.sarah@yahoo.com; 'Gov. Sarah Palin'
              Cc:       Mike Tibbles
              Subject: phone numbers for Sharon and Richard

            Governor,

            Sharon Illsley (KNI district court) can be reached at Privilege . Richard Postma (Anchorage District Court) can be
            reached at 269-5156.

            I will call the unsuccessful nominees , contact Chief Justice Fabe, and let the press office know to send out the
            release when I know you've officially appointed these folks. I passed this information on to Gary Wheeler as well.

            Thanks so much,


            Ivy Frye
           Director of Boards and Commissions
           Office of Governor Sarah Palin
           (907) 465-3500 office
           (907) 465-8110 fax




           8/25/2009

                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0002150
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                      Page 1 of 1



                Byers , Gail Y (LAW)

                From :    Geri Simon [gsimon@tyonek.com]
                Sent:     Friday, June 01, 2007 9:24 AM
                To:       Lloyd; Denby S (DFG)
                Cc:       'Tom Harris; Palin; Sarah H (GOV); Kookesh; Albert (LAA); Salmon; Woodie W (LAA);
                          'golson@growmoremoose.org'
                Subject: Freedom of information act request - May 25, 2007 incident

              Good morning Commissioner Lloyd,

              Attached is an FOIA request from Tom Harris, Chief Executive Officer of Tyonek Native Corporation. Please let
              me know if there are any questions or concerns regarding this request, including if there are any costs related to
              fulfilling this request.

              Thank you for your attention to this very important matter.

              Geri Simon, Esq.
              Director of Administration, Land and Legal
              Tyonek Native Corporation
              1689 C Street, Suite 219
              Anchorage, Alaska 99501
              (907) 272-0707, Main telephone
              (907) 646-3113, Direct line
              (907) 274-7125, fax




              6/9/2009

                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0002151
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                           Tyonek Native Corporation
                   1689 C Street, Suite 219 · AricWora5e , Alaska 995-Ot -5131 ' rk 9o7·Z72.o707 · Fax 907- Z7+-7125


                      June 1, 2007

                      Commissioner Denby S. Lloyd
                      Alaska Department of Fish and Gaiiie
                      PO Box 115526
                      Juneau, Alaska 99811-5526

                              RR:'   Freedom of Information Act request
                                     Orphaned Moose Calves - May 25, 2007, Anchorage Daily News

                      Dear Commissioner Lloyd:

                      Ina recent Anchorage Daily News front page article (May 26, 2007)(see.attached),
                      Tyonek Native Corporation learned that two moose calves were orphaned after an -
                      unfortunate incident involving a cow moose and an-8 year old child in Anchorage.

                      Under the Freedom of Information Act, we request a.dopy of the official report from the,
                      Alaska Department of Fish ar?d Game (ADF&G) on the disposal of those calves after the_
                      incident.                                  -

                      According to the ADN story, the incident happened on Friday, May 25, 2007 in South
                      Anchorage near Kendall Loop and 84P Avenue, The Fish and Game representative was
                      Rick Sinnott.

                      In prior years it has been reported to us that the majority of'the calves orphaned on the
                      road system were considered "nuisance" moose and there were no facilities to care for -
                      them. As a result the majority of.those calves were euthanized by ADF&G or by Alaska
                      Department of Public Safety (ADPS) at the direction of ADF&G.                   -

                      Over the last 15 years Alaska has lost more than 50% of its moose population; or more
                      than any other place on the planet.` As a result of this population loss, Alaska has lost its
                      status as a premier wildlife resource state. In fact, as of 2001, 48 other States now
                      harvest 100% to 1,000% more hoofed wildlife per acre than does Alaska, as noted in
                      research completed by Alaska Village Initiatives in 2005.

                      As such Alaska can no longer afford to euthanize orphaned calves and, thanks to the
                      Alaska Moose Federation and its network of participating groups, we can provide
                      alternatives to euthanasia. The Alaska Moose Federation and its partners, including the.
                      Anchorage Zoo, can offer professionally, managed facilities and resources including care



                                                                                                        ..
                      FOIA Request - Moose calves    -·                  '                                   Page I of ,2
                                                     wilding Our Future Together


                                                                                                                      PRA_GSP01_0002152
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                       by licensed veterinarians. Those calves will be cared for in secure sites until the calves
                       can be released safely into prepared habitats in the wild each fall.

                       TNC requests your support in this effort in two ways.

                             1. By publicly disclosing information on all orphaned moose calves (including the
                                two involved in the May 25, 2007 incident in Anchorage, and

                             2. By fully complying with the proposed moose calf rescue program recently
                                approved by Governor Palin.

                       TNC stands ready to support this program to achieve the restoration of Alaska's moose
                       population for the benefit of all Alaskans.

                       Thank you for your consideration for this important issue. If you have any questions,
                       please contact me at (907) 272-0707. Thank you.

                       Sincerely,



                       Tom Harris
                       Chief Executive Officer

                       cc:      Governor Sarah Palin
                                Senator Albert Kookesh
                                Representative Woodie Salmon
                                Gary Olson, Alaska Moose Federation

                       Attachments




                       FOR Request - Moose calves                                                         Page 2 of 2




                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0002153
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              adn.com I moose : Cow moose shot after kicking 8-year-old to protect calves                   Page 1 of 2




              adn.com                                                                 Print Page,. .    pse, Window

               Anchorage Daily News

              Cow moose shot after kicking 8-year- old to protect calves
              Trying to protect calves, moose targets 8-year-old, then gets shot
              By MEGAN HOLLAND
              Anchorage Daily News
              (Published: May 26, 2007)

              An Anchorage police officer shot and killed a cow moose that
              was trying to trample an 8-year-old boy in South Anchorage
              Friday morning . The shooting orphaned the moose 's newly born
              twins.

              Police and wildlife officials say the moose likely was protecting
              its calves when it kicked the boy, causing minor injuries , before
                                                                                    Alaska Department of Fish and
              police put it down.                                                 Game biologist Rick Sinnott holds
                                                                                    one of a pair of moose calves
              The child, the moose and the moose 's two newborns were            orphaned after an police officer shot
              cornered between homes with no easy way out , said Anchorage        their mother May 25, 2007. (BOB
              area Fish and Game biologist Rick Sinnott. "It was a like a closet HALLINEN /Anchorage Daily News)
              back there," Sinnott said. "There was no way the police officer
              could do anything but shoot the moose."

              The boy, his playmates and other children in the neighborhood of dense single -family homes, it
              seems, did nothing to provoke the moose other than being in the wrong place at the wrong time,
              police said.

              The moose likely gave birth to the twins within the past week and probably at or near where the
              incident occurred on Kendall Loop near 84th Avenue and Spruce Street, Sinnott said.

              The boy was outside playing between houses in the mid - morning when the moose appeared and
              charged , police spokesman Lt. Paul Honeman said. The boy 's friends were able to get away, but
              the boy stumbled and fell . He rolled on the ground, ending up against a fence , and protected his
              head with his arms, while the moose began kicking with her front legs.

              Anthony Oder, 15, was playing basketball nearby with friends on his first day of summer vacation
              when he heard a faint cry from somewhere behind the houses . "I thought it was a dog whining," he
              said.

              The Service High teenager followed the sound and found the moose on the other side of a backyard
              fence threatening the 8-year -old. He called 911.

              The moose was trapped because she had to pass the boy to leave the yard , but she would not do
              that with her calves, Sinnott said.

              Oder and his friends shook the fence and threw rocks at the moose to distract her. She backed off
              briefly and made a move toward them , then went back to the boy, Oder said.

              The police officer was on the scene within minutes . He shot the mother moose with a long gun,



              http:/lwww.adn.com/newslalaska/wildlife/moosely-printer!story/8920962p-8819823c.htrnl          5/30/2007

                                                                                                                 PRA GSP01_0002154
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             adn.com I moose : Cow moose shot after kicking 8-year-old to protect calves                  Page 2 of 2


             likely a shotgun, Honeman said.

             Oder said two shots put her down.

             The male and female calves were put into large dog kennels and taken away by Fish and Game.
             Sinnott said they will likely be going to conservation or research facilities. The cow will be donated
             to a charity for its meat.

             Sinnott said the end of May and beginning of June are the most dangerous time of year in
             Anchorage for moose encounters . Mother moose protecting their new young and children just out
             of school and playing outside can be a hazardous mix, he said.

             Oder said after the shooting the two baby moose kept on frolicking in the bright green grass,
             seemingly unaffected by the death of their mother.




             Daily News reporter Megan Holland can be reached at mrhollandOadn.com.



             J .Print.Page,,_   Close,Window




             Copyright ® 2007 The Anchorage Daily News (www.adn.com)




             http://www.adn.cominewslalaskalwildlifelmoose/v-printer/storyl8920962p-8819823c.html         5/30/2007

                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0002155
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              KTUU.com I Alaska' s news and information source I Police shoot attacking moose                                  Page 1 of 2


                                                                                                                           «Back




                 Police shoot attacking moose

                                                             by Blanca Slota
                                                             Friday, May 25, 2007


                                                             ANCHORAGE, Alaska -- State biologists said this is the worst time
                                                             of year for moose encounters because females are giving birth
                                                             and kids are out of school.

                                                             One young boy learned that the hard way today when he was
                                                             attacked by a mother moose.
                     Residents of a South Anchorage
                    neighborhood said they've seen a
                  female moose around for months, but Residents of a South Anchorage neighborhood said they've seen
                 this was the first time they've seen her
                 with her twin calves. ( Eric SowyKTUU- the female moose around for . months, but this was the first time
                                                          they've seen her with her twin calves.

                                                             The calves, which are less than a week old, are now orphaned.
                                                             The mother was shot by police after it charged Joseph
                                                             Kihlstadius, 8, while he walked through the neighborhood.

                                                             "We were just walking on that trail and then just hid and then we
                                                             were gonna go over here, but then I slipped and then the moose
                                                             trampled me and then trampled me again ," Kihlstadius said.

                   State biologists said this is the worst   Kihlstadius said he tried to protect himself by curling up near a
                    time of year for moose encounters        fence, but the moose kept coming . Anthony Oder and his friends
                   because females are giving birth and      were playing basketball nearby when they heard a commotion
                 kids are out of school . ( Eric Sowi/KTUU
                                   rv)                       coming from the backyard.

                                                             "We thought it was like a puppy , we heard like some squealing,
                                                             so we went through my back window and we saw a little kid
                                                             huddled against our fence ," Oder said.

                                                             Anthony and his friends tried to pull Kihlstadius out of harm's
                                                             way by reaching over top of the fence , but when they tried to
                                                             grab him the moose turned her attention on them.

                                                             "We wanted to. get the kid out of there really bad, because he
                 Joseph Kihistadlus said he did his best
                 to protect himself while the moose was
                                                             was really little and we didn't really know what to do," Oder
                   attacking him. (Eric Sowt/KTUU-N)         said.

                                                             There was nothing they could do but wait for police.

                                                             When officers arrived , the moose was still ready to charge, so
                                                             they made the decision to shoot her.

                                                             Alaska Department of Fish and Game Biologist Rick Sinnott said
                                                             moose should be avoided this time of year.

                   Anthony Oder and his friends were         "This is the worst time of year for moose because they're having
                  playing basketball nearby when they        their calves, and they've very defensive - the cows are very
                  heard a commotion coming from the




              htto://www.ktuu.com/globaVstory. asv?s=6572220&ClientType=Printable                                                5/30/2007

                                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0002156
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             KTUU. com I Alaska's news and information source I Police shoot attacking moose                                      Page 2 of 2



                    backyard. (Eric SowVKTUU -TV)          defensive with their calves," Sinnott said.

                                                           Paramedics treated Kihistadius for scrapes and bruises before
                                                           sending him on his way with his very grateful father . Jeremy
                                                           Kihlstadius said he was just happy his boy was OK.

                                                           Sinnott said this is definitely the worst moose run-in he's seen
                                                           this year. But he said it isn't the first and It won 't be the last.

                                                           "The calves don't move very much the first week or so and they
                 Alaska Department of Fish and Game
                                                           have them in people 's backyards in the greenbelts and stuff like
                Biologist Rick Sinnott said moose should   that. The kids are out of school, moose are having babies -- it's
                   be avoided this time of year. (Eric     the absolute worst time of year to have kids and moose mixing it
                           SowiKTUU-TV)
                                                           up," Sinnott said.

                Sinnott said he'll determine the sex of the orphaned calves before sending them on to a
                sanctuary or preserve. The mother moose has been butchered and her meat will.be given to local
                charities and homeless shelters.

                Sinnott said the best thing to do If you run into an aggressive moose is run, but to remember
                that applies to moose only and not bears or any other animal . If you fall down or can't get away,
                Sinnott recommends covering your head and trying not to move. He said moose would rather get
                away with their calves than attack.

                Contact Blanca Slota at bsiotaOO.)ktuu.go

                                                                           Wbr4dlVaw
                                    All content ® Copyright 2000 - 2007 WoridNow and KTUU. All Rights Reserved.
                                For more information on this site, please read our privacy Qilcv and Terms of Service.




              httn://www.ktuu.com/izlobal/storv .asv?s=6572220&ClientType=Printable                                                5/30/2007

                                                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0002157
