Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Unknown
        From:                     Ivy Frye [Ivy_Frye@gov.state.ak.us]
        Sent:                     Tuesday, June 05, 2007 8:37 AM
        To:                       govpalin@gov.state.ak.us; Kristina Y Perry; John W Bitney; Michael A Tibbles
        Cc:                       Todd Palin; Karen J Rehfeld; Talis J Colberg; Meghan N Stapleton; Joseph R Balash; Sharon
                                  W Leighow
        Subject :                 RE: Fwd: Emailing : DSC 0011.JPG


        Governor, Mark applied for the Board of Game. He hasn't been appointed to a board yet.
        I'll touch base with him and others today and the rest of the week. And, thanks for the
        reminder re: plugging your good people in and refocusing.



        -----Original Message-----

        From: govpalin@ gov.state .ak.us [mailto:govpalin@ gov.state . ak.usj

        Sent : Tuesday, June 05, 2007 8:26 AM

        To: Ivy J Frye; Kristina Y Perry; John W Bitney; Michael A Tibbles

        Cc: Todd Palin; Karen J Rehfeld; Talis J Colberg ; Meghan N Stapleton; Joseph R Balash;
        Sharon W Leighow

        Subject: Fw: Fwd: Emailing: DSC 0011.JPG



        Ivy: has Mark Fish been appt to anything yet? It's tough trying to remember everyone on
        that very long list of good supporters - those who want to still help - i think this email
        from Bill to Mark is evidence of some of the frustration I hear from others, too, who say
        we've forgotten the good folks who got us here and really beleive in the change we want to
        see in govt, and that we're plugging in Murky, Binkley and Knowles' people more often than
        our own. That's the constant from Reeves, et al, also.



        Just got off the flt from Naknek after visiting New Stu and Dlg. Pretty draining visits be
        there were hundreds to talk to at the different community events. Nice people tho. Very
        nice, and "real"!



        Just did the Salmon on Parade and will now do my third funeral in three days.



        Very anxious for the team to begin on the budget cuts. Even out there I heard cries for
        SOMEONE to show fiscal restraint in state budgeting. I promised I would.



       So, Mike and folks, I'm really counting on a team effort to allow me to fulfill the
       promise to reign in state govt growth and better prioritize where the state spends money.
       The Legislators were totally out of control with the capital budget and did exactly what
       they said they wouldn't do (remember their campaign references to the old bumper sticker:
       we promise we won't p*ss it away next time we have a surplus).



       Hopefully OMB and Law are also finding good ways and reasons to cut many of the requests.

                                                                 1




                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01 _0002196
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        As part of the budget cutting exercise, Mike, can I expect direction given to cabinet
        members to find cuts too? I still need to know what targets we're trying to hit: are we
        spending less than last yr? And are we spending less than we're taking in? What level of
        cutting will get me to those goals?

        Thanks!



        -----Original Message-----

        From: molly mccann <paymckhea@yahoo.com>



        Date: Sat, 02 Jun 2007 09:39:34

        To:govpalin@gov.state.ak.us

        Subject: Fwd: Emailing: DSC 0011.JPG




        I love the picture of you and Payton. Look at his

        face.



        Note: forwarded message attached.




        Choose the right car based on your needs. Check out Yahoo! Autos new Car Finder tool.

        http://autos.yahoo.com/carfinder/




                                                      2




                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0002197
