Unknown
From :                   Todd Palin [fek9wnr@yahoo.com]
Sent :                   Monday, November 05, 2007 5:16 AM
To:                      ExternalEmailgsp; frank bailey; Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
Subject :                from CBS News web site www.cbsnews.com


State Of Dependency

By Kevin Drum



Nov 5, 2007




(Political Animal ) STATE OF DEPENDENCY.... Hey,

whatever happened to the Bridge to Nowhere? You

remember: the $229 million piece of pork that Senator

Ted Stevens earmarked in 2005 for a bridge across the

Tongass Narrows that was intended to link the town of

Ketchikan (pop. 8 , 000) to its airport on Gravina

Island.



Well, it got scrapped. A couple of months ago Alaska's

new governor killed the project. But in the November

issue of the Monthly, Alaskan journalist Charles

Homans says there's much more to the story:

To reduce the Bridge to Nowhere to a punch line,

however, is to miss an important point. Life on. the


                                                         1                         ROSTON 01127




 Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
Last Frontier is complicated and expensive, and you

pay for it.



....Simply put, Alaska has made a habit of

transferring its operating costs to the federal

government. The state pulls out nearly two times as

much money as it pitches in to the Treasury, a drain

that looks especially bad in light of the state's

fiscal reality. Today, Alaska enjoys a healthy budget

surplus, and it sits on a Permanent Fund of more than

$39 billion. It also refuses to levy sales or income

taxes on its citizens. In a state that fails to pull

its weight, the Bridge to Nowhere is just an

especially weighty example. .



....In the late 1990s, people began to refer to a

problem called the "Alaska Disconnect": the high

expectations Alaskans continued to have of government

even as they failed to pay in properly. This fiscal

dissonance was abetted by Stevens's largesse, but

ultimately it wasn't his fault. The problem had been

triggered the moment Alaska struck it rich with oil.

Psychologically, it had been cemented with the fateful

1980 decision to abolish the income tax.

Read the whole thing to learn how Alaska turned into

America's biggest basket case. And while you're at it,

                                                       2     ROSTON 01128




 Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
take a trip down memory lane with "Alaska, GOP Welfare

State," from our July/August 2005 issue. It's all

about Ted Stevens, no-bid contracts, Alaskan tribal

corporations, and federal loopholes big enough to

drive a cruise ship through.




Do You Yahoo!?

Tired of spam? Yahoo! Mail has the best spam protection around

hftp://mail.yahoo.com




                                                    3            ROSTON 01129




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
