Unknown

From:                   Mason, Janice L (GOV) [janice.mason@alaska.gov]
Sent :                  Tuesday, November 06, 2007 3:54 PM
To:                     Todd Palin
Cc:                     Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
Subject :               FW: Other


Todd - Maybe you can touch base with this request. They are asking the State to advertise in the Iron
Dog Guide. Thanks, Janice



-----Original Message-----

From: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

Sent: Tuesday, November 06, 2007 3:14 PM

To: shelbilynne@ alaskaadventuremedia.com

Subject: RE: Other



Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or information
you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is unable to respond to
each and every email herself, your message has been received and is being reviewed by the
appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your need, suggestion, or comment.




-----Original Message-----

From: WebMail@gov. state.ak . us [mailto :WebMail@gov. state . ak.us]

Sent: Tuesday, November 06, 2007 1:29 PM

To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

Subject: Other



Web mail from: Ms. Shelbi Lynne Laughlin- Kenney

address: 6921 Brayton Drive, Suite 207 Anchorage AK 99507

907-344-2967

                                                     1                          ROSTON 01133




 Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
MESSAGE:

Governor Palin,



I am interested in speaking to you about one topic for several reasons. It is my understanding that
you are familiar with the Havermeister family in the Matanuska-Susitna Valley (to be specific, Franci
Havermeister) whose family I've known for all of my life. As a Mat-Su Valley resident and early
highschool and college graduate, I pursued a career in marketing and advertising. The company I
now work for, Alaska Adventure Media (Coast Magazine, Alaska SnowRider and Alaska Rider) is
responsible for producing the Iron Dog Guide each year. It is also my understanding that your
huband, Todd, is quite familiar with the race as a past and current participant. In producing the Iron
Dog Guide, I am looking for the support of local and outside companies/influences who can keep this
great event and others like it alive.



Do you think that your administration would want to be a part of the worlds longest, toughest
snowmobile race?



It is my belief that your administration would be the perfect advertiser for this guide and supporter for
this HUGE event in Alaska.



The Iron Dog Guide is set up as a race yearbook AND program guide... complete with editorial , race
history, preview from the previous year race and the results, what is new on the market as far as gear
and sleds, statewide riding calendar and club info, previous race champions, race safety, race map
from point to point, details of each checkpoint, insider on statewide trail systems, race roster detailing
each race team and their sponsors, race training information for next year's race, tributes to racers
who have passed, getting the kids involved and riding, etc. The guide is distributed before and at the
event. This year, our page count is nearing 100 pages and growing- high gloss, thicker stock paper,
with high-quality, heat- set printing.



My company will go to print with the guide in early December of this year, as the 2008 guide will be
out early January to allow more time to soak before the race starts. Please consider this as a direct
way to reach 10,000+ prospective Alaskan voters who may be interested in supporting the next Palin
Administration adventure and great races like Iron Dog. For a "valley girl" like myself, it is a great
honor to know that a woman with similar experiences got to the point that you have in your
professional and lifetime careers. I want you to know that my hubsand has plans to run for Mayor one
day, and is now worried that his wife may beat him to the punch. Just know that you've inspired a lot
of women to do good things for the State of Alaska and eventually for the United States of America.




                                                    2                                ROSTON 01134




 Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
I'd love to share more about this special publication and event- and hope that you will direct any
questions or concerns my way. Looking forward to working with you and hope you will keep this
information on hand for the 2009 Iron Dog Race guide as well.




Most Respectfully and With My Appreciation,



Shelbi Lynne Laughlin- Kenney




shelbilynne@alaskaadventuremedia.com

PLEASE ADD TO E-NEWS




                                                    3                            ROSTON 01135




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
