Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Unknown
        From:                      Tibbles, Michael A (GOV) [mike.tibbles@alaska.gov]
        Sent:                      Saturday, June 09, 2007 10:24 AM
        To:                        gov.sarah@yahoo.com
        Subject:                   Re: Happy Easter!


        we interviewed her for the Anchorage position.               Privileged or Personal Material Redacted
        Privileged or Personal Material Redacted



        Mike



        Sent using BlackBerry




        ----- Original message -----

        From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

        To: Frye, Ivy J (GOV); Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)

        Sent: Sat Jun 09 08:50 :28 2007

        Subject: Re: Happy Easter!



        Cant think of who she is?



        My emails are sporatic here in SD, fyi.

        -----Original Message-----

        From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com



        Date: Sat, 9 Jun 2007 02:20:17

        To:"Ivy J Frye" <ivy_frye@gov.state.ak.us>,"Michael A Tibbles"
        <mike_tibblesegov.state.ak.us>

        Subject:   Fw: Happy Easter!




        -----Original Message-----

        From: Wayne Anthony Ross <waralaska@alaska.com>


                                                                 1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0002301
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Date: Fri, 08 Jun 2007 17:47:56

        To:"Palin ,   Sarah " < gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

        Subject : Happy Easter!




        Hi Sarah:  I understand that you have until the 15th to appoint one of the new judges.
        This is one last pitch for Cathy Easter. Thanks, WAR




                                                          2




                                                                                                     PRA_GSP01_0002302
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                    Ahtna, Inc. Position Paper                                                   Chitina Dip Net Fishery
                    April 12, 2007


                                                   Chitina Dip Net Fishery Encourages:
                                                 Trespass onto Ahtna and CNC Property

                                                    Causing Safety Hazards to Life and

                                                      Environmental Damage to Lands

                            The Chitina Dip Net Fishery created by the State on the Copper River has become a
                   popular recreational activity and an important source of fishery resources to the people of the
                   State of Alaska.      The O'Brien Creek area along the Copper River Highway is a primary
                   Recreational Use point for this fishery. Other Recreational Use points include Eskilida Creek and
                   Haley Creek. CNC is the owner of the surface estate for the land in the O'Brien Creek area.
                   Ahtna is the upland owner in the Eskilida Creek and Haley Creek areas.

                            DOT&PF asserts an easement over portions of CNC's and Ahtna's land for the Copper
                   River Highway right-of-way (the "State ROW'). This fishery has resulted in the creation of a
                   Recreational Use Area at O'Brien Creek which draws approximately 30,000 people each year.

                            Participants in these recreational activities at O'Brien Creek often cross CNC's land. The
                   majority of parking and camping areas in the vicinity of O'Brien Creek are on lands owned by
                   CNC.     Other participants use land owned by CNC or Ahtna while engaging in recreational
                   activities at other points on both the east and west banks of the Copper River.

                            In order to control access, DOT&PF has been asked to fund construction of fencing and
                   gates adequate to isolate the Ahtna and Chitina lands at O'Brien, Haley, and Eskilida Creeks
                   from the State ROW, and to allow better control of the use of the lands. DOT&PF also has been
                   asked to fund the cost of print and electronic media along with signage to inform the public of the
                   private land, and that entry without an appropriate permit constitutes trespass.

                            Safety of the participants and protection of Al and CNC lands would be served if the
                   State would provide adequate bear-proof trash receptacles and garbage removal services; port-a-
                   potties reasonable toilet facilities including port-a-potties and permanent facilities.

                           CNC and Al are willing to allow for parking and camping on its land; installation and
                   maintain any signage necessary (including signage provide by the state); a potable water station
                   and dump station (if the State will fund).

                           When issuing permits , DF&G should provide a brochure to all persons obtaining Chitina
                   Dip Net Fishery Permits explaining the need for a permit when using the State ROW, CNC lands,
                   or Ahtna lands . There should be a statement clearly setting forth the dangers involved in the
                   fishery and that all participants are proceeding at their own risk.




                                                                       1


                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0002303
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                    Ahtna, Inc. Position Paper                                              Chitina Dip Net Fishery
                    April 12, 2007

                            Ahtna and Chitina are subjected to multiple trespass incidents and destruction of
                    property. The State has not protected Ahtna and Chitina lands from the trespass risk and does
                    not enforce criminal trespass laws, which the State has a duty to enforce . When State Troopers
                    or Officers are present in such areas and witness or are informed of violations of the criminal
                    trespass laws they should take reasonable steps to enforce such laws.




                                                                  2-



                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0002304
