Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Unknown
        From :                    Todd Palin [fek9wnr@yahoo.com]
        Sent:                     Saturday, June 09, 2007 11:19 AM
        To:                       Sarah Palin; John W Bitney; Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
        Subject:                  Chitna




        From Ken John last month




        Chitina Dip Net Fishery Encourages:

         Trespass onto Ahtna and CNC Property

        Causing Safety Hazards to Life and

        Environmental Damage to Lands

        The Chitina Dip Net Fishery created by the State on

        the Copper River has become a popular recreational

        activity and an important source of fishery resources

        to the people of the State of Alaska. The O'Brien

        Creek area along the Copper River Highway is a primary

        Recreational Use point for this fishery. Other

        Recreational Use points include Eskilida Creek and

        Haley Creek.      CNC is the owner of the surface estate

        for the land in the O'Brien Creek area. Ahtna is the

        upland owner in the Eskilida Creek and Haley Creek

        areas.

        DOT&PF asserts an easement over portions of CNC's and

        Ahtna's land for the Copper River Highway right-of-way

         (the "State ROW").      This fishery has resulted in the

        creation of a Recreational Use Area at O'Brien Creek

        which draws approximately 30,000 people each year.

        Participants in these recreational activities at

        O'Brien Creek often cross CNC's land. The majority of

        parking and camping areas in the vicinity of O'Brien
                                                                 1
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Creek are on lands owned by CNC.        Other participants

        use land owned by CNC or Ahtna while engaging in

        recreational activities at other points on both the

        east and west banks of the Copper River.

        In order to control access , DOT&PF has been asked to

        fund construction of fencing and gates adequate to

        isolate the Ahtna and Chitina lands at O'Brien , Haley,

        and Eskilida Creeks from the State ROW, and to allow

        better control of the use of the lands .       DOT&PF also

        has been asked to fund the cost of print and

        electronic media along with signage to inform the

        public of the private land, and that entry without an

        appropriate permit constitutes trespass.

        Safety of the participants and protection of AI and

        CNC lands would be served if the State would provide

        adequate bear -proof trash receptacles and garbage

        removal services ; port-a-potties reasonable toilet

        facilities including port-a-potties and permanent

        facilities.

        CNC and AI are willing to allow for parking and

        camping on its land ;      installation and maintain any

        signage necessary      (including signage provide by the

        state ); a potable water station and dump station.(if

        the State will fund).

        When issuing permits, DF &G should provide a brochure

        to all persons obtaining Chitina Dip Net Fishery

        Permits explaining the need for a permit when using

        the State ROW, CNC lands, or Ahtna lands. There

        should be a statement clearly setting forth the

        dangers involved in the fishery and that all

        participants are proceeding at their own risk.

        Ahtna and Chitina are subjected to multiple trespass

        incidents and destruction of property .       The State has

                                                            2
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        not protected Ahtna and Chitina lands from the

        trespass risk and does not enforce criminal trespass

        laws, which the State has a duty to enforce. When

        State Troopers or Officers are present in such areas

        and witness or are informed of violations of the

        criminal trespass laws they should take reasonable

        steps to enforce such laws.




        Food fight? Enjoy some healthy debate

        in the Yahoo! Answers Food & Drink Q&A.

        http:// answers .yahoo. com/dir /?link=list& sid=396545367




                                                         3
