Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Unknown
        From :                    Tibbles, Michael A (GOV) [mike.tibbles@alaska.gov]
        Sent:                     Sunday, June 10, 2007 7:22 PM
        To:                       gov.sarah@yahoo.com
        Subject :                 Re: Possible next trip to Dallas and Houston


        I agree communication is a bit slow at times from the gas team. I had been waiting to
        hear the teams recommendation and proposed schedule for you to contact the producers as
        well as our outreach (that Marcia is scheduling) with entites that will not necessarily be
        participating with our RFA. It sounds as we have the list of CEOs but Marty has indicated
        that additional bullet points and strategy is needed. I will need to make sure we have
        everything we need and get times scheduled asap . As far as Marcia's meetings Wednesday, I
        heard late Friday that she was meeting with Enbridge and Energy Transfer Partners. The
        feedback I received from the last trip was positive.                     Privileged or Personal Material Redacted
        Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




        Do you want me to respond to Sean? I can still send him a note tonight.



        Mike

        --------------------------

        Sent using BlackBerry




        ----- Original Message -----

        From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

        To: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)

        Sent: Sun Jun 10 18:09:12 2007

        Subject: Fw: Possible next trip to Dallas and Houston



        vvv

        -----Original Message-----

        From: Sean Parnell < Privileged or Personal M



        Date: Sun, 10 Jun 2007 16:47:22

        To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

        Subject: FW: Possible next trip to Dallas and Houston




                                                                  1




                                                                                                               PRA_GSP01_0002316
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Any word from the gasline team or Mike on contacts they want you to make? I

         prodded them last Thursday night after getting your message that the team

         had not given you a list of calls or visits to make.



         I'm down to less than twenty four hours before Marcia takes off on the

         Dallas/Houston trip. At this point, I'm planning to forego the trip having

         not heard from you that the team has addressed your concerns as expressed in

         the emails below--I clearly communicated your concerns to Marty last

         Thursday.



         Given what appears to have transpired, I am concerned about the seeming lack

         of organization and communication by the gasline team with you if your

         concerns haven't yet been addressed. Let me know if this is the case.

         Thanks.



         Sean

         -----Original Message-----

         From: Sean Parnell (mailto: Privileged   or Personal

         Sent: Thursday, June 07, 2007 8:40 PM

         To: 'gov.sarah@yahoo.com'

         Subject: RE: Possible next trip to Dallas and Houston



         No problem, I wont confirm or go until I hear from you that it's ok.



        And, I'll prod the team to do a better job of helping you make contact.



         -----Original Message-----

         From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]

         Sent: Thursday, June 07, 2007 7:59 PM

         To: Sean Parnell; Michael A Tibbles

         Subject: Re: Possible next trip to Dallas and Houston



        Let me ask Mike about it as I've heard nothing. In fact, I'm still waiting
                                                                2




                                                                                                         PRA GSP01_0002317
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        to hear gasline team's plan for my "outreach" to companies via travels or at

        least phone calls. Still havent heard from them on it! I may just go with

        my gut and start the contacts on my own.

        -----Original Message-----

        From: Sean Parnell <Privileged or Personal


        Date: Thu, 07 Jun 2007 19:10:42

        To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

        Subject: RE: Possible next trip to Dallas and Houston




        I had a message from Marcia Davis to our office regarding the possibility of

        me accompanying team members on another trip to Houston/Dallas this next

        week. She hasn't given us company names or timeframe but I can likely make

        the trip. Is this something you want me doing if they are asking??




                                                             3




                                                                                                        PRA GSP01_0002318
