Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From :                    Tibbles, Michael A (GOV) [mike.tibbles@alaska.gov]
         Sent:                     Monday, June 11, 2007 5:17 PM
         To:                       gov. sarah@yahoo.com
         Subject:                  RE: Real Estate Commission


         Not at the time of appointment but when I received a copy of the Legislative Audit letter,
         I presented it to her and requested she draft a reply. The Legislature's letter did not
         indicate which board but she knew at that point they were referring to the Real Estate
         Commission.  I did not press her for a timeline of when she figured it out.



         Mike



         -----Original Message-----

         From :   gov.sarah@yahoo. com [mailto : gov.sarah@yahoo.com]

         Sent : Monday, June 11,      2007 5:09 PM

         To: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)

         Subject : Re: Real Estate Commission



         Did Ivy know this?

         -----Original Message-----

         From: "Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>



        Date: Mon, 11 Jun 2007 16:47:35

        To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

        Subject: Real Estate Commission




        Governor,



        We recently received a letter from Legislative Audit making a recommendation that we more
        closely monitor the statutory requirements prior to making an appointment. The comment
        comes from our appointment of Brad Cole to the Real Estate Commission. The statute
        requires three years experience as a broker to be eligible to serve and Brad's experience
        falls slightly short.  We will send a very brief letter in response to the audit
        acknowledging their recommendation and concurring.



        Privileged or Personal Material Redacted


                                                                 1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0002340
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Privileged or Personal Material Redacted

        Privileged or Personal Material Redact P l ease l et me know how you would like to proceed. Thank
        you.



         Mike




                                                           2



                                                                                                       PRA GSP01 0002341
