Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From:                     Tibbles, Michael A (GOV) [mike.tibbles@alaska.gov]
         Sent:                     Monday, June 11, 2007 1:51 PM
         To:                       gov.sarah@yahoo.com
         Subject:                  RE: Disaster Declaration


         The letter is prepared and I can send you a copy electronically if you like. It is four
         pages long.  I can send the letter to the signature machine as long as I certify that I
         have discussed the matter with you personally and have your permission . Thanks.




         Mike



         -----Original Message-----

         From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]

         Sent: Monday, June 11, 2007 1:48 PM

         To: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)

         Subject; Re: Disaster Declaration



         Good. Should I write something up here in SD?

         -----Original Message-----

         From: "Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>



         Date: Mon, 11 Jun 2007 13:44:24

         To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

         Subject: Disaster Declaration




         Governor,



         We have a draft letter prepared to the President requesting federal assistance to a state
         disaster declaration.  Earlier this year, due to the Kenai River flood damage, declared a
         disaster and made financial assistance available.  The State was unable at the time to
         determine the full impact due to ice coverage and as a result requested two extensions to
         the deadline for federal assistance. The State now has a better understanding of the
         damage and has compiled estimates of nearly $1.3 million for local government and state
         facilities and an additional $1.35 million to U.S. F&W facilities. Within the last 14
         months, the state has seen four disasters that have been federally declared.



         The letter needs to get out quickly and I am able to authorize signature; however, I need
         to sign a notarized affidavit that states that I have personally discussed this matter
                                                                  1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0002344
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           with you and have your direction to proceed.



          Mike




                                                          2
