Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From :                     gov.sarah @yahoo.com
         Sent:                      Monday, June 11, 2007 12:39 PM
         To:                        Rutherford; Martha K (DNR)
         Subject:                   Re: Wow!




         -----Original Message-----

         From: Marty Rutherford <marty_rutherford@dnr.state.ak.us>



         Date: Sun, 10 Jun 2007 14:19:03

         To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

         Subject: RE: Wow!




         Governor,

         Thanks for the kind words, but I consider working for you the greatest honor of my career,
         and I thank God for you. You are what will save Alaska's future for our kids, as you
         always have that as your focus. Thank you for resurrecting my faith in leadership! it is
         now a pleasure to serve.

         Marty



         -----Original Message-----

         From: gov.sarahoyahoo.com

         To: "Martha K Rutherford" <marty_rutherford@dnr.state.ak.us>

         Sent: 6/10/07 7:58 AM

         Subject: Wow!



         Super story about you in the ADN! It was great. Kizzia could have added so much more
         about your interesting background, your passion for Alaska, your expertise in natural
         resources, etc... but what he covered was very good.



         Alaska is truly fortunate to have you. Thanks again for making sacrifices and joining this
         team. Ya' gotta beleive it will be worth it for our kids' sake!



         You're a great woman , Marty. Thanks for everything.




                                                                 1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0002349
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


              Global Food Collaborative                                                                         Page 1 of 6


              Unknown

              From :   sarah [spalin @mtaonline.net]
              Sent:    Tuesday, June 12, 2007 9:48 AM
              To:      Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
              Subject : Emailing : Global Food Collaborative



                                         GLOBAL FOOD
                                       COLLABORATIVE
                             Providing Transparency To Alaska's Food Supply Chain
                                                   Partners




                                     Global Food Alaska -2007
                                             Conference and Tradeshow
                                                       June 13 - 14, 2007
                                                       Soidotna, Alaska

                          Exhibitors and Participant Details Lodging , Travel and Show
                          Details

                          Venue Layout (Larger View)

                          Welcome Letter - Kenai Peninsula Borough Mayor, John
                          Williams - Welcome



                                             Conference Program
                               Wednesday, June 13th
                         The Business of Food, Beverage and Bio Products:
                         Setting The Stage For Alaska




             11/10/2009

                                                                                                               PRA GSP01_0002350
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


             Global Food Collaborative                                                                     Page 2 of 6



                             10:00 Welcome Bill Allen, Director, Office of Economic
                             Development, Department of Commerce, Community and Economic
                             Development, State of Alaska

                            10:10 - 10:30 Setting the Stage (Part I): Bio Prospecting Our
                            Alaska Dr. Maureen McKenzie , President of Yukon
                            BioSciences Dr. McKenzie has almost 20 years of experience in
                            biotechnology as an entrepreneur, researcher and executive, and
                            founded the first and only company in Alaska dedicated to
                            pharmaceutical and nutraceutical discovery and development from
                            boreal territories. Dr. McKenzie has bio prospected Alaska's marine
                            and plant life to explore commercial applications, with special
                            emphasis on health enhancements.        Dr. McKenzie will open this
                            section of the program by touching on Alaska's bounty, as it may
                            apply to food, beverage and bio products.

                             10:30 - 10:50 Setting the Stage (Part II): Accessing The World
                            With A New Product, Michelle ( Macuar) Sparck, Principal -
                            ArXotica, inc. Launched by the success of the Alaska Marketplace
                            seed-money competition, Michelle and her triplet sisters are well
                            on their way to developing bio products from Alaska's bounty.
                            Inspired by the traditional gathering of plants and berries from their
                            region, Michelle will Introduce you to the beauty of the Yukon-
                            Kuskowkim Delta wilderness and Arxotica's process of developing a
                            product line of bio-based bath and beauty products. Arxotica is
                            founded on the basis of creating sustainable products and
                            employment for her economically challenged region. Learn how they
                            plan to maximize Alaska's bounty for sustainable products and
                            business.

                             10:50 -11:10 Setting the Stage (Part III): Northern Appetites:
                             Proposing a Sustainable Food Policy for Alaska By Marion
                            Owen, owner, Galley Gourmet Kodiak Island resident Marion Owen
                            teaches agriculture classes at Kodiak College. She produces the
                            award-winning radio show and podcast called the UpBeet Gardener,
                            as well as a. newsletter by the same name that connects readers in 70
                            countries. She is a columnist, organic gardener, business owner and
                            co-author of the New York Times bestseller, Chicken Soup for the
                            Gardener's Soul.Once upon a time, a larger quantity of Alaska's food
                            was locally produced. On a national level, there was a time when
                            almost all food consumed in the U.S. originated from local sources.
                            These days, the food system is a global one, with food coming in from
                            all corners of the Earth. This has lead to a growing worldwide concern
                            followed by keen interest in how local food systems can be Improved
                            in ways that support our health, communities, economy, and
                            environment. The State of Alaska has a perfect opportunity to step up
                            to the plate and demonstrate how local and regional food systems can
                            feed Alaskans, while at the same time improve nutrition and health,
                            help stabilize communities, nourish the economy, and maintain a
                            healthy environment.

                           11:15 - 12:00 Setting the Stage (Part IV): Maximizing Our
                           Alaska Bounty Bernie Karl , Proprietor of Chena Fresh and
                           Chena Power Projects Bernie Karl will share in his own words "the



             11/10/2009

                                                                                                         PRA GSP01_0002351
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


             Global Food Collaborative                                                                      Page 3 of 6


                            bigger picture ". This is an absolute must for all! Mr. Karl will
                            introduce his nationally recognized and Integrated renewable energy
                            and food production project located at Chena Hot Springs Resort.
                            Chena Hot Springs is located 60 miles east of Fairbanks of Alaska and
                            where a greenhouse and geothermal power project has been co-
                            located and successfully operates . Bernie will share his vision of
                            Alaska 's path for the healthy development of what is uniquely
                            Alaskan . There is no simple solution , but through intelligent choices
                            and the sharing of knowledge, Bernie will look into his crystal ball and
                            forecast a successful transition to sustainable businesses and
                            communities throughout Alaska.

                            12-1:00 pm Lunch * Networking * Marketplace

                            1:00 pm - 1:45 pm The Science Behind Denali BioTechnologies
                            Dr. Maureen McKenzie , President of Denali BioTechnologies, is an
                            internationally recognized expert will present more detailed
                            information on the science behind the products currently being
                            produced and forecast to be produced by Denali BioTechnologies.
                            She will address specifically the science of functional food and
                            beverages from Alaska . A totally new industry for Alaska, Denali was
                            launched in July 2006 and Is the first nutraceutical manufacturer in
                            Alaska , designed to maximize Alaska 's bounty by realizing the health
                            and nutritional benefits of Alaska 's plant and marine environments.

                            The Buyers Perspective - In Their Own Words
                            1:45 pm - 2:45pm The Buyers Perspective - An Alaskan
                            Regional Perspective

                            An Alaska regional panel representing hospitals, hotels, gift shops,
                            retail, grocery, schools and restaurant discuss how they currently buy
                            food, beverage and bio products. The panelists will provide a brief
                            overview of their business segment and the environment in which
                            they work. There are multiple channels options for marketing food
                            and beverage products.       So how do you know what works best for
                            your product and business? These professionals will provide an
                            insight into the uniqueness of their channel. They will discuss how
                            they currently buy product, what is Important to their channel and
                            how they anticipate buying in the future. They will address driving
                            trends to their market segment including price points, packaging,
                            supply chain, distribution, nutrition, sustainability and other influences
                            on their buying or decisions. Speakers will provide sellers a glimpse
                            into the understanding of expectations of buyers an optimum vendor-
                            supplier relationship.

                            Representative Jay Ramras - Owner, Pike's Riverfront
                            Lodge/Landings Restaurant and Alaska Legislator
                            Rob Kinneen - Chef De Cuisine, MIXX Grill (Steak and Seafood) At
                            Inlet Tower (Former Owner/Operator Noble's Diner)

                            2:45pm - 3:30pm What Buyers Want From Their Supply Chain
                            Partner - Alaska Airlines and Kaladi ' s Silver Hook Coffee.
                            Alaska Airlines serves 10's of thousands of people each day. How did
                            this supply chain partner relationship develop and what makes it



             11/10/2009

                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0002352
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


             Global Food Collaborative                                                                      Page 4 of 6


                             work? Alaska Airlines, a major buyer of food and beverage will discuss
                             their unique buying needs as it applies to product size, nutritional
                             value, shelf-stability and placement for their Buy On Board program,
                             General Service and Board Room customers. Dan Jordan, Director,
                             Onboard Food & Beverage and Joel Gillespie , Manager, Supply
                             Management Systems will also highlight one of their successful
                             suppliers, Silver Hook, and discuss their approach to supplier/partners
                             and discuss the supplier/vendor relationship. Jonathan White,
                             President of Silverhook Coffee Company will address, in his own
                             words, how Silverhook works as a supplier to Alaska Airlines to keep
                             and grow their supply chain relationship.


                             "It's All About The Crab" - The Ultimate Alaskan
                             Harvesters of the Deadliest Catch Tell Their Story
                             4:00pm - 5:00pm KEYNOTE The Crab Boat Captains of Discovery
                             Channel's "Deadliest Catch" discuss their role in producing premium
                             and sustainable food products from Alaska's Bering Seafeaturing
                             Skipper Larry Hendricks. You may have heard their mantra "Its All
                             About The Crab" Learn from them and other panelists will walk the
                             audience through the supply chain of Alaska King Crab and other
                             Bering Sea seafood from harvest to market.

                            6:00pm - 9:00pm Celebrating Alaska 's Food - Awards
                            Recognition and Dinner With The Crab Captains - Located at
                            Kenai Landings

                            Join GFA - 2007 participants for dinner at Kenai Landings to celebrate
                            and recognize outstanding achievement for those who have who have
                            persevered to build a sustainable and competitive business utilizing
                            Alaska 's food , beverage and bio products . Governor Sarah Palin will
                            announce and present the leadership awards . During an evening
                            honoring these leaders , we will be joined by the Crab Captains of the
                            Discovery Channel 's Series, " Deadliest Catch ". Guests will feast
                            on food and beverage from Alaska producers highlighting Alaska's
                            capacity to create premium products for local , national and
                            international markets . ( Dinner is open to exhibitors and registered
                            buyers.)

                            Thursday, June 14th

                            The Buyers Perspective Continued - In Their Own Words

                             10:00a.m. - 11:00

                            National buyers and their supply chain partners discuss how they
                            currently buy product , what is important to them and how they will
                            buy in the future . Speakers will address driving trends to their
                            market segment including price , packaging , distribution , nutrition,
                            sustainability and other influences on their buying decisions.
                            Speakers will,provide information that will assist the audience In
                            formulating products that are market -driven and responsive to their
                            business segment.




             11/10/2009
                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0002353
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


             Global Food Collaborative                                                                      Page 5 of 6


                             Keith Harris, Buyer, Select Fish/Whole Foods
                             Joseph Ertman , President, SOJO Foods
                             KS Kim, State of Alaska Trade Repesentative, South Korea*

                                Barriers to Doing Business In/From/Through Alaska in
                                           Food, Beverage and Bio Products
                             11:30 pm - 1:00 pm A panel representing Alaska 's newest food and
                             related businesses present a short overview of their businesses and
                             discuss business barriers and actions to support sustainable business
                             in this sector.

                            Brett Gibson , Owner, Arctic Paws (Yummy Chummies)
                            Sandro Lane , Alaska Protein Recovery
                            Gil Serrano , Alaska Glacier Cap
                            Adam Galindo , Taco Loco
                            Phyllis Buzzini, Alaska Silk Pies

                             Building a Sustainable Business
                            2:00pm - 3:15 pm Financing For A Healthy /Sustainable Food,
                            Beverage or Bio Products Business

                            David Josephsen , Western Regional Division, US Export-Import
                            Bank ; Lea Klingert, President, Alaska Commercial and Fishing
                            and Agricultural Bank ; Chad Padgett, Alaska Director, USDA
                            Farm Service Agency and USDA Rural Development . Panelists
                            will provide a brief overview of their respective role in financing a food
                            - related business. They will respond to what they have learned from
                            other attendees that may be helpful in growing sustainable businesses
                            and touch on success stories and ways they see their organizations
                            collaborating more closely with this sector. The panel will invite
                            questions and dialog from audience members seeking financing
                            solutions.

                            3:30pm - 5:00pm sustainable Seafood Roundtable

                            Panelists will provide their own definition and perspective of
                            sustainable seafood. Audience participants (buyers and sellers and
                            industry stakeholders) will engage with panelists on this topic
                            including a buyers/sellers understanding of current sustainable
                            certifiable programs (Monterey, MSC, Natureland, WWF, etc.)
                            Audience members will learn about the data or proof that buyers are
                            seeking and why? Where did the UN sustainable formula come from
                            and why and what the cost/benefit of sustainable seafood to
                            harvesters, processors, buyers, consumers?

                            Each panelist will provide a glimpse into the future of how sustainable
                            wild seafood can move forward in a positive and workable solution to
                            reduce rather then increase marketplace confusion to the consumer
                            and buyer.

                            Robin Richardson , President, Global Food Collaborative - Moderator
                            Eric Donaldson - The Crab Broker
                            Larry Hendricks, Jonathan Hildstrand , Keith Colburn, Phil


             11/10/2009

                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0002354
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


             Global Food Collaborative                                                                    Page 6 of 6


                            Harris, Rick Quashnick, Sig Hansen - King of Crab Captains
                            Tom Sunderland - Ocean Beauty Seafoods
                            Deb Trefts - Marine Stewardship Council




                                       Copyright C© 2006 Global Food Collaborative, LLC




             11/10/2009

                                                                                                         PRA_GSP01_0002355
