Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                               Page 1 of 3


             Unknown
              From :   Meghan Stapleton [meghan stapleton @gov.state.ak.usj
             Sent:     Tuesday, June 12, 200711:50 AM
             To:       gov .sarah@yahoo.com
             Cc:       'Kristina Y Perry'; 'Sharon W Leighow'; ' Meghan Stapleton'
             Subject : Global Food Alaska 2007 SPEECH - KRIS WILL PRINT FOR YOU.
             Governor Sarah Palin
             Global Food Alaska 2007
             June 13, 2007



             Thank you for your most gracious invitation to join you tonight. It is an honor to be here.


             I am especially pleased to have the opportunity to welcome you to an event that affords
             new ideas, investment, collaboration and new business opportunities for Alaska. This event
             supports sustainable businesses throughout the State of Alaska.


             Tonight It is also my pleasure to welcome a seafood delegation from Korea:
             Ms. Choi (CHOY), President, Sangjin (SAHNG - GIN) Trading Company , a $25 million
             seafood buying company;
             Mr. Moon, Deputy Manager of Sangjin;
             Mr. Lee , Vice President, Korea Agricultural Marketing; and
             Mr. K.S . Kim, the State of Alaska 's Representative in Seoul , Korea.


             Thank you for traveling here to learn more about Alaska seafood product. We welcome
             your business. Your visit represents two opportunities for Alaska. We're not just touching
             countries around the world with our products through visits like yours. We Alaskans are
             here to also make friends with you and send you home with the very best export from
             Alaska - terrific memories of abundant resources and of our beautiful land and waters. I
             hope you enjoy your visit.


             Global Food Alaska - 2007, in its debut year, offers a solid opportunity for international and
             national buyers to visit Alaska and attend an event specifically designed for buyers - where
             they can source new product or work to develop new products. It also offers local and
             regional buyers an opportunity to work closely with Alaska's producers on the development
             of new products.



             11/10/2009

                                                                                                               PRA GSP01_0002366
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                             Page 2 of 3




             "Great Job!" to all Alaskans who are making global connections in trade. The value of Alaska's
             2006 exports was the highest ever. In fact, it was a year of firsts:
             First time for the value of total annual exports to top $4 billion;
             First time for seafood exports to top $2 billion; and,
             First time for mineral exports to top $1 billion.


             International trade is hard work and requires creativity and innovation . Alaska businesses,
             whether they are large or small, know how to work hard and how to be creative.


             God has provided our state with a tremendous bounty of wealth from the land and the seas. In
             response , we need to gain maximum benefit from that gift for the benefit of Alaskans . Agriculture
             and our fishing industry are Important to Alaska and we should be the generation to see that God-
             given gift flourish.


             Tonight we're also dining with some of Alaska's International trade heroes.


             We Alaskans have known the hard and dangerous work of crab fishermen . Thanks to the
             production of Discovery Channel 's "The Deadliest Catch ," millions of people In countries around the
             world can see what it takes to bring this superior Alaska product to their dinner plates . Whether at
             a high-end hotel in Hong Kong , or a restaurant in Tokyo, or Carrs Safeway in Wasilla.


             I'd also like to mention and thank Alaska Seafood Marketing Institute for the great job they do in
             promoting all of our products overseas , including that delicious crab.


            The Department of Natural Resources has been working diligently with the farming community;
             University of Alaska - Fairbanks ; Department of Commerce , Community and Economic
             Development ; and members of the legislature to develop a plan and implementation strategy for
            agriculture in the state.


            A vital agriculture industry is so very important to this state . And I know one thing for sure - we're
            going to work together to support the successes of the agriculture industry and meet the
            challenges with new energy and new ideas.




             11/10/2009

                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0002367
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                           Page 3 of 3


             And that's why I will also sign tonight an executive proclamation declaring these two days - today
             and tomorrow - AGRICULTURE DAY. THE PROCLAMATION READS:


             (READ PROCLAMATION)


             And now it gives me great pleasure to introduce the Chair of the Awards Committee, Ruby
             Hollenbaek, as we recognize the leadership in Alaska 's food chain by honoring four award recipients
             in their efforts for ...
                  1) Best Practices and Innovations in Seafood
                  2) Outstanding Harvester/Grower (Food, Beverage or Bio Products)
                  3) Outstanding Manufacturer ( Food, Beverage or Bio Products); and,
                  4) Outstanding Distributor, Retailer, Wholesaler partner (Food, Beverage or Bio Products)
             Thank you so much. And I'll turn this over to Ruby now.
             ###


             Meghan N. Stapleton
             Communications Director
             Office of Governor Sarah Palin
             907.269.7450 0
             907.269.7463f
             907.321.4975 c




             11/10/2009

                                                                                                         PRA GSP01_0002368
