Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                              Page 1 of 3


             Unknown
             From :   Meghan Stapleton [meghan stapleton@gov .state.ak.us]
             Sent:    Wednesday , June 13, 2007 6:01 PM
             To:      'Sarah Palin ; 'Michael A Tibbles'; joe_balash@gov.state.ak.us
             Cc:      'Kris Perry'; ' Sharon Leighow'; ' Meghan Stapleton'
             Subject: FW: summary of Creamery Corp board meeting 06132007
            Meeting Summary, Creamery Corporation Board of Directors 6/13/07, Westmark Hotel

            After waiting about an hour for a quorum to arrive , Chairman Mac Carter opened the meting up
            for public comment.

            Barbara Huff of the Teamsters Local 959 spoke on behalf of the dairy's Teamster drivers,
            expressing concern they'd not been a party to discussion about the closure, and a desire to work
            with the dairy and/or governor about the collective bargaining issues involved, but that in the
            absence of consultation, some legal action might become necessary to protect the drivers'
            interests.

            Craig Trytten, a dairy farmer, spoke on behalf of himself and other dairy farmers, saying he
            hoped the Creamery Corporation directors would resign and throw the issue to the Palin
            Administration. He also said it would be difficult for his farm to transition to selling milk to the
            possible Rob Wells Palmer dairy when it might start operating at the end of the year; but he
            added that Wells only needs 71 cows' production, and he has 200 cows in his farm along.

            The board entered executive session for the purpose of discussing employee contracts including
            Joe Van Treek's, to review the dairy's cash on hand and outstanding obligations to vendors and
            other contractual obligations, and any potential litigation. After returning to open session about
            90 minutes later, the board passed two resolutions without objection.

            The first motion called for the Creamery Corporation to authorize the Executive Committee to
            negotiate, and either accept or reject VanTreek's resignation; and to review the terms of
            continuing employment should the closure date be extended.

            The second motion was to respond to the governor's June 6, 2007 letter by providing monthly
            cost estimates based on the lowest cost to continue operation, and a list of factors that may affect
            the costs of such operations, including possible erosion of product quality, loss of sales, the
            refusal of suppliers and buyers to accept the changes, a loss of employees, and other issues, as
            laid out by Creamery Corporation staff.

            Rhonda Boyles spoke briefly, somewhat in response to the governor's 6/21 letter, saying that the
            21 days notice of Mat-Maid's closure was based on the Creamery Corporation's fiduciary
            responsibility - that the most judicious decision they could make was to close down the dairy,
            with respect. There are a lot of ways to spend the $600,000, and if the governor wants to
            consider other possible markets for Alaska-produced milk, the money would provide some time.

            Mac Carter gave a brief statement, saying that the Board has considered its effect on all parties,
            including the dairy, and its workers, and the dairy farmers, and was making an unpopular, but
            necessary and responsible decision on behalf of the people of Alaska. Unless someone has a
            golden goose and can produce enough money to solve the problems, he said, he did not see how
            the dairy could continue operating. He said if the board waited to close the dairy down in


            11/10/2009

                                                                                                             PRA GSPO1_0002427
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                               Page 2 of 3


            December 2007, and loses up to $2 million in the process , the board will be lambasted for not closing it
            in June when losses would be less.

            Tom Tanta (sp?) who had been chairman of the Creamery Corporation board 17 years ago spoke on
            behalf of the dairy's workforce, saying that the $600,000 should be spent not on more studies, or on
            political cover, but on direct benefit to the employees who faced imminent unemployment. He praised
            Van Treek's management of the dairy.

            Joe VanTreek then spoke for about 15 minutes, presenting a history of the dairy's challenges and
            problems. Among his most salient points:
                . The state's support of the dairy industry (Point Mackenzie) was a social experiment
                . There has been a test of will between what's best for business and what society thinks it wants in
                  terms of an agriculture industry
                 . Mat Maid's cost for local milk includes $19.75 per hundredweight (11.5 gallons), plus $1/hwt
                   quality bonus, plus cost of transportation from farm to plant. That compares with the outside price
                   of milk at $12.50/hwt.
                 . Mat Maid paid farmers all it could; dairy farmers also receive benefits in the form of land credits,
                   some wildlife set-asides, and a $1 million USDA lump sum to help Alaska dairy farmers write
                   down debt, plus $500,000 state appropriation that meant a $2/hwt subsidy for Alaska-produced
                   milk
                 . "Without significant changes in the underpinnings of this industry, there is no future" for the dairy
                 . He said there has been no state of Alaska support for agriculture, never has been, and without it
                    we had been hurting people by causing them to believe, and to invest their lives and fortunes, in to
                    a dream that was in reality a fallacy.
                 e The $600,000 offered by the state is not a solution; it doesn't even get the dairy started. The dairy
                    told the Ad Hoc Agriculture Committee that it would take $30-40 million, plus a plan, to make the
                    dairy industry work.
                . "We don't have the right economic structure. We've got an Edsel, and we're trying to make it
                   into a Supersonic Transport."
                . Mat-Maid's business model demands that they sell milk for about $20/hwt, but it costs $26/hwt.
                . He understands the decision will have dire impact on dairy farmers.
                . "It's a sad day. It's a sad day. But without a plan for the future, it's (the shutdown) the only
                   choice left."


            Meghan N . Stapleton
            Communications Director
            Office of Governor Sarah Palin
            907.269.7450 o
            907.269.7463 f
            907.321.4975 c


            From: Saddler, Daniel R (DNR) [mailto :dan.saddler@alaska.gov]
            Sent: Wednesday, June 13, 2007 5:18 PM
            To: Lefebvre, Richard A (DNR); richard_lefebvre@dnr.state.ak.us
            Cc: meghan_stapleton@gov.state.ak.us
            Subject: summary of Creamery Corp board meeting 06132007

            Dick, Meg -

            Here's a summary of what went on at today 's board of directors meeting.

            Becca Palsha of Channel 2, and the Anchorage Daily News ' Stephanie Komamitsky were there, and both have
            filed stories on the meeting.


            11/10/2009

                                                                                                              PRA_GSP01 0002428
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

                                                                                                  Page 3 of 3



            -Dan




            11/10/2009

                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0002429
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                Page I of 1


             Unknown

             From :         Meghan Stapleton [meghan Stapleton@gov.state.ak.us]
             Sent:          Wednesday, June 13, 2007 7:27 PM
             To:            gov.sarah@yahoo.com
             Cc:             Kristina Y Perry; Meghan N Stapleton; Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
             Subject:    CHANNEL 2 PHONE INTERVIEW?
             Importance: High
             Governor,

             As you may have seen in an earlier email, at 6pm, Channel 2 reported its lights out, Mat
             Maid will close, final decision solidified today by the Creamery Corporation. I told them
             that's not true - that the Governor has more options. Megan Baldino with Channel 2 would
             like to report that at 10pm and would like to know if you could place a quick call to her to
             confirm that it's not necessarily over and that you have options. I have not spoken to them
             about the options - though many know that you control the BAC and can legally remove the
             members. Don't know if you want to tie the two together for anyone at this point in time.
             Megan Baldino's number at her desk is 762-9224. It would be a phone interview. I told her
             that you may not be available or in cell phone range as you make your way back on the
             Kenai Peninsula. There is no expectation.

            Thanks,
            Meg




            Meghan N. Stapleton
            Communications Director
            Office of Governor Sarah Palin
            907.269.7450 0
            907.269.7463 f
            907.321.4975 c




             11/10/2009

                                                                                                               PRA GSPO1_0002430
