                                                                                                           Page 1 of 1



   Unknown

   From :     Mason, Janice L (GOV) [janice.mason@alaska.gov]
   Sent:      Tuesday, November 20, 2007 3:51 PM
   To:        fek9wnr@yahoo.com
   Cc:        Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
   Subject: FW: Scan

 Todd - I discussed the attached letter/request yesterday w/Kris. This is kind of a different request and wanted to
 run this by you first. The family will not be at the Juneau Governor's House when requested on Dec. 28. I do not
 feel that we would want to open it up for overnight as it is not a Bed/Breakfast - but will leave this decision up to
 you. We need to also remember that as the first family is not available the house will be torn up to try to get the
 plumbing finished up before January. Thanks, Janice


 From: Mason , Janice L (GOV)
 Sent : Tuesday, November 20, 2007 2:57 PM
 To: Mason, Janice L (GOV)
 Subject: Scan




                                                                                                  ROSTON 01166
  6/10/2009



Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
                                      OFFIC
                                              E O 7 Fl
                                                # .AsLF

                                              NOV I
                                                          V07

       November 15, 2007

       Leslie Schwaderer
       3000 E. Naomi Avenue
       \ rasing, Alaska 99654

       Governor Sarah Palm
       PO Box 110001
       Juneau, Alaska 99811


       Dear Governor Pal in,
                                                                                                            i
       As you may know, Dr. Dan Larson and his wife, Susan, of W.asilla, are generous
       supporters of the Wasilla Warriors, They donate countless hours of volunteer tine as
       well as sponsor and donate to the various sports tears. The Warrior bay's and girt"
       basketball teams are heading to Juneau for the annual Capital Classic Basketball
       Tournament on December 27, 28 and 29, 2007. As usual, Doc and Sue will be
       accompanying the team, as will Susan's elderly mother, who will be coming for the
       holidays from her hoine in Wisconsin.

       On December 29, 2007, Susan turns the "big 5-0,, and we want to remember her in a way
       that she. will never forget. She is the first one to do that for all the rest of us who have
       turned such a ripe old age, and mostly her remembrances are humorously disrespectful at
       best. Since she has attended the Capital Classic for years and it always falls on her
       birthday, we have not recently been able to honor her birthday in a reciprocal fashion'
       And now with the onset of her "sunset years", we would love it to be a. memoralie
       occasion.

       Is there any way you would be able or willing to have them stay overnight at the
       Governor's mansion during their time in Juneau? They are unaware that I am asking this,
       although they have daydreamed about what a thrill it would be. Additionally, it would be
       a wonderfully fun surprise for Susan's birthday. I have worked as l r. Dan's Executive
       Assistant since 1994 at his clinic in Wasilla, and they are not only my bosses, but true
       friends. Our community would suffer without their efforts and generosity!. Thanks for all
       you do for this great state.




                                                                                             ROSTON 01167




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
