Unknown
From :                  Mason , Janice L (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                        GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=JLMASON]
Sent:                   Friday, November 30, 2007 1:29 PM
To:                     fek9wnr@yahoo.com
Subject :               FW: Other


Todd - I am sorry to bother you with this request but I did not know if this is someone that is close
friends as they say they are your neighbor.



If not, I recommend that I send this to Lynne Smith to answer directly as it deals with a business.
Thanks, Janice



-----Original Message-----

From: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

Sent: Friday, November 30, 2007 1:10 PM

To: la@kyani. hotmail.com

Subject: RE: Other



Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or information
you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is unable to respond to
each and every email herself, your message has been received and is being reviewed by the
appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your need, suggestion, or comment.



-----Original Message-----

From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state. ak.us]

Sent: Thursday, November 29, 2007 8:47 PM

To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

Subject: Other



Web mail from : Ms. laura egure

address: 1500 Lake Lucille Wasilla AK 99654
                                                    1                               ROSTON 01185




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
310-2907



MESSAGE:

Hello Governor Sarah Palin,

       This is an honor to see a wonderful woman like you in the Governor's role for our communitee.
We are neighbors and there is alot I'd like to share with you in regurds of wellness I am a distributor
of Kayani an Alaskan Miracle.

Our product is something that will benifit others like me whom are Migrant workers and depend on
substanical fishing & berry picking seasonal. I would kindly ask you to contact me regurding our
product and seek some guidence and feedback in our product, I am anxiously awaiting to hear from
you.

Plus this will be my Honor to provide you with our product to see and try for yourself. I really do
admire you and the support you give the community. Once again Thank you for time.




Ms. Laura Egure



Ia@kyani.hotmail.com




                                                     2                                  ROSTON 01186




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
