Unknown
From :                  Mason , Janice L (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                        GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=JLMASON]
Sent:                   Monday, December 03, 2007 9:16 AM
To,                     fek9wnr@yahoo.com
Subject :               FW: Other


Todd - FYI for you. Thanks , Janice



-----Original Message-----

From: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

Sent: Monday, December 03, 2007 8:56 AM

To: ceeads@cybergal.com

Subject: RE: Other



Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or information
you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is unable to respond to
each and every email herself, your message has been received and is being reviewed by the
appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your need, suggestion, or comment.



-----Original Message-----

From: WebMail@gov. state . ak.us [mailto :WebMail@gov. state . ak.us]

Sent: Friday, November 30, 2007 11:04 PM

To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

Subject: Other



Web mail from: Carol Eads

address: Salmon Creek Road Box 896 Seward AK 99664

907-224-5800



MESSAGE:
                                                   1                             ROSTON 01187




 Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
Hi Sarah,

    My sister, Ava Eads, off the tender "Erin Lynn", said she off loaded fish from you last spring and
mention that you were a hard working fisher gal, just like her. I don't want anything, just to say hi and
to let you know that Ava left the fishing grounds about the first of August to rush back here to take
care of me. I developed a Primary Brain Tumor(glioblastoma multiforme), they removed a growth
about the size of a raquet ball (whatever that is, must be a doctor game) they give me about a year to
live. I'm fine, feel great, I believe in being born, living then you fade away, just like it should be. I'm
not worried, scared or wanting of anything. I'm calm and serene and happy. I was just letting you
know what happen to Ava if you missed delivering to her or wondered where she went.

 We're doing just fine, the town had a benefit and auction for me and we'll make it through the winter
because of their generosity. (Don't you just love this State?)

  Keep up the good work, be honest and don't give up on your big picture, think ahead 10 15 years,
look at me giving advice! You don't even know me. Just wanted you to have a message without
someone complaining or wanting something.

 Ava vouched for you, that's good enough for me.

 Best wishes for you and your family,

 Carol Eads



ceeads@cybergal.com




                                                    z                              ROSTON 01188




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
