  Unknown

   From :      Mason , Janice L (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
               GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=JLMASON]
   Sent:       Monday , December 03, 2007 9:19 AM
   To:         fek9wnr@yahoo.com
   Subject : FW: Voices Across Alaska: State Budget Priorities
  Todd - I know you mentioned that you had taken care of this one. Janice


  From : Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
  Sent: Monday, December 03, 2007 9:04 AM
  To: Glen Biegel
  Subject : RE: Voices Across Alaska: State Budget Priorities

  Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or information you
  have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is unable to respond to each and
  every email herself, your message has been received and is being reviewed by the appropriate staff
  person in this office who can best address your need, suggestion, or comment.


  From : Glen Biegel [mailto:gbiegel@ak.net]
  Sent: Saturday, December 01, 2007 10:54 AM
  To: Glen Biegel; Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
  Cc: Todd Palin
  Subject: Re: Voices Across Alaska: State Budget Priorities

  Sarah,

  Congrats on the great response for AGIA! Same to the Gas Line Team.

  I had a chance to meet with Frank. We talked about many things. I always like how 'frank' Frank is :). I was still
  hoping to get with you sometime and see what great plans you were thinking of for the next year. I would like to do
  what I can to help the legislature align itself to your priorities.

  Let me know if you think I can help,

  God Bless,
  Glen

  PS. Thank you very much for your help on education. I know it is your diligent effort that is making some welcome
  changes. G

  ---- Original Message ----
  From : Glen Biegel
  To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
  Cc: Todd Palin
  Sent : Wednesday, November 21, 2007 8:45 PM
  Subject: Re: Voices Across Alaska: State Budget Priorities

  Governor,

  Can you spare a few minutes for an old friend. I am hoping to get your thoughts on the future and any plans I can
  help you achieve.



                                                                                                   ROSTON 01189
  10/15/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
  If you have any time for me,
  Glen Biegel

  360-2674.
  ----- Original Message ---
  From : Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored
  To: Governor Mailing Listc cDIist.state. ak.us
  Sent: Wednesday, November 21, 2007 2:27 PM
  Subject: Voices Across Alaska: State Budget Priorities




 L_
  Good afternoon! I am inviting all Alaskans to become involved in the state budget
  process by participating in a web survey.

 Voices Across Alaska: State Budget Priorities is an opportunity for all Alaskans to
 provide your opinion on how the state's projected budget surplus should be
 saved and invested.

 We all know oil prices will not remain at record levels forever, and planning
 ahead will help ensure that we really are kicking off a new era of tax stability.
 Under ACES, surplus revenue of approximately $1.6 billion could be realized this
 year.

 I hope you will take advantage of this opportunity to become part of the process.

 We will use your input to complete the FY2009 budget plan, which will be
 released to the public and the Legislature for consideration in mid-December.

 .Surveys will be accepted through 5 p.m. on December 3, 2007.

 The survey can be accessed at www. alaska .gov or www. gov.state .ak.us.




                                                                      ROSTON 01190

  10/15/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
