Unknown

From :                   Crome, Cora J (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                         GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=CJCROME]
Sent:                    Sunday, December 09, 2007 12:07 PM
To:                      'fek9wnr@yahoo.com'
Subject :                Re: Talking Points for Young Fishermen


Todd,

I'd be happy to get together with you and Robin anytime. Just let me know when you have time and
I'll make it work. I'm in Anchorage until Wednesday.

Cora



----- Original Message -----

From: fek9wnr@yahoo.com <fek9wnr@yahoo.com>

To: Crome, Cora J (GOV)

Sent: Sat Dec 08 10:04:42 2007

Subject: Re: Talking Points for Young Fishermen



Cora,



I just landed in Anchorage, I've been in Edmonton the last few day's. I'll work on a speech for
Monday, thanks for your help. What's your schedule the next couple of day's, would you consider
getting together with Robin and I.



Thanks Todd

-----Original Message-----

From: "Crome, Cora J (GOV)" <cora.crome@alaska.gov>



Date: Sat, 08 Dec 2007 17:50:55

To:fek9wnr@yahoo.com

Subject: Talking Points for Young Fishermen
                                                   1                           ROSTON 01205




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
Todd,

Here is what I came up with for talking points for the young fishermen's summit. They really just
want you to talk about your history and encourage young fishermen. It's very brief and informal, so
no big deal. Let me know if you want me to make any changes to this draft.

Thanks,

Cora




 Hello everyone. It's a pleasure to be here tonight with so many young fishermen from around the
state.



As some of you may know, I'm a longtime commercial fishermen from Dillingham. My family and I
have a setnet site in Nusagak Bay, where we have fished for decades.



 Our site is a family operation. It's the same site my grandfather fished many years ago, and I
operate it every summer with my wife and kids.



 (Todd - they'd really like to hear about your background and fishing history, but I don't know many of
the details to provide. Anything you'd like to fill in here to share would be great.)



These days, it's not as simple as it used to be to be a fisherman. It seems like the fishing business
gets more complicated all the time.



 Fishermen have to understand state and federal rules and buy permits and licenses. We pay fees
and taxes, our prices are affected by changing world markets, we struggle to pay rising fuel prices,
and we have to work hard to improve quality and transportation.



 Sometimes it seems like catching the fish is a small part of being a fisherman. That's why it's so
important for someone who wants to succeed in this business, to get ahead as a fisherman, to be
                                                   2
                                                                                  ROSTON 01206




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
aware of so many things besides just where the fish are hitting.



 Even with all these challenges, it's a great time to be a young fisherman in Alaska.



 We have healthy stocks that provide lots of opportunities to go fishing.



 New products are being developed. More and more of our fish is being filleted, frozen, or made into
burgers. These are the products people want.



 Demand is strong. People are eating more and more seafood because they know it's healthy. And
when they buy seafood, more and more people are buying Alaskan wild because they know its pure
and well managed.



 And while running a fishing business can be complicated, there are a lot of great people involved in
this summit that can help you learn what you need to know to succeed.



 This is an opportunity for young fishermen to get to know some of the people who make decisions
that affect your fishery.



We have a process where fishermen sit on the boards that make these decisions.



 I encourage you to talk to the council members that are around tonight. Most of them are fishermen
like you. They have years of experience with this process and with some of the other hurdles you're
facing.



 Take this opportunity to explain your operation, and your hopes for the future. These are some of
the people who can help make it happen.




                                                   3                                ROSTON 01207




 Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
