Unknown

From :                  Mason, Janice L (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                        GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=JLMASON]
Sent:                   Monday, December 10, 2007 12:49 PM
To:                     fek9wnr@yahoo.com
Subject :               FW: Land-use


Todd - Would it be okay to send them Chuck Heath' s mailing address ? Thanks , Janice



-----Original Message-----

From: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

Sent: Monday, December 10, 2007 10:27 AM

To: kaemee2005@yahoo.com

Subject: RE: Land-use



Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or information
you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is unable to respond to
each and every email herself, your message has been received and is being reviewed by the
appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your need, suggestion, or comment.



-----Original Message-----

From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

Sent: Sunday, December 09, 2007 8:03 PM

To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

Subject: Land-use



Web mail from: Ms. Trish Eaves

address: 35851 Eklutna Lk Rd Chugiak AK 99567

907-350-5501



MESSAGE:
                                                  1                              ROSTON 01209




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
Well Hello Governor,




 I have a strange request. Your father taught my husband and I in 6th grade.( Small World ) We
Caught him a couple years ago "sniping" down the creek from our mine. That wasn't a concern so
much as they had our driveway blocked. After catching up on the years your Dad and Chuck took off.



 Your brother, his wife and kids stop in and visit on there way to/ from Manley for the 4th of July each
summer. We show them our treasures and they fill us in on you and your Parents.

 My problem is I can't find my address book. I've called phone#'s but no reply as of yet. Wondering if
you could give me the inside scoop? Chuck had mentioned something about claims he was wanting
to work and we would like to ask him a few questions. I know he's teaching but he didn't say where.

 Anyway, bet you wish all your problems were this easy to solve. Any information would be great.

I must tell you I'm quite pleased with your work so far as governor, except for Mat Maid, wish the
State could have stepped in there.



               Thank you, Happy Holidays

                       Trish & Sam



kaemee2005@yahoo.com




                                                    2                                  ROSTON 01210




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
