  Unknown

  From :      Glen Biegel [gbiegel@ak.net]
  Sent:       Saturday, December 15, 2007 7:31 AM
  To:         Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored); fek9wnr@yahoo.com
  Cc:         ftb907@yahoo.com; Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Anders; Bruce F (DNR); Galvin; Patrick S (DOR); Irwin;
              Tom E (DNR); Rutherford; Marty K (DNR); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
  Subject : Re: Questions on the interest of the Admin for a lock in of Tax rates for Gas.
  All,

  There is one item in the response below that has been bothering me, and I hope you will grant me the
  opportunity to offer a clarification.

  When I wrote that "I was a primary contributor to the plan for the Gasline during the campaign.", my intention
  was not to inflate my own minor role in the development of a gasline strategy, nor to impugn the much
  more important input of others. I was asked gasline questions, sat in several multi-hour sessions
  regarding the campaigns stance on all issues (including the gasline), and early on in the campaign
  provided some suggestions about gasline issues. My role was early, minor, and yet, I felt, significant. I
  had been provided a form letter to an earlier email question and was hoping a more direct answer this
  time. I expected my earlier email was never seen by the Governor or Staff. I hope that clarifies the point.

  Thank you and God Bless you all.
  Off to the show,
  Glen Biegel

  ----- Original Message -----
  From : Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)
  To: abiegel(d_)ak.net ; fek9wnrCa.yahoo.com
  Cc: ftb907(cr yahoo.com ; Perry, Kristina Y (GOV) ; Anders, Bruce F (DNR) ; Galvin, Patrick S (DOR) ;
  Irwin, Tom E (DNR) ; Rutherford, Marty K (DNR) ; Tibbles, Michael A (GOV) ; Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)
  Sent: Thursday, December 13, 2007 9:12 PM
  Subject: Re: Questions on the interest of the Admin for a lock in of Tax rates for Gas.

  Does he not understand that CP's "proposal" doesn't meet the state's "must haves"... they admit it's far outside the
  law (AGIA) and even CP has admitted locking up tax rates for 30 yrs (!) as Glen suggests is unacceptable to the
  legislature, the Alaskan public, this administration, and the Constitution. THEY don't even ask for a 30 year lock-up.
  He said that "the campaign" didn't have a problem with that fiscal certainty? Huh? And that he was the gasline
  consultant to the campaign? Huh? Tell that to the Magnificant 7 who publicly explained the folly of Murkowski's
  plan, and my willingness to embrace their advice and consultation.

  Surely he knows we would not divulge any AGIA info to him that we wouldn't share with the public at the
  appropriate time... despite the megaphone he has with his radio show and his frequent visits with Dan Fagan on
  Fagan's show.

  ----- Original Message -----
  From: Glen Biegel <gbiegel a,ak.net>
  To: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored); Todd Palin <fek9wnr(a^yahoo.com>
  Cc: Todd Palin <fek9wnr@yahoo.com>; frank bailey <ftb907@yahoo.com>
  Sent: Thu Dec 13 18:17:51 2007
  Subject: Questions on the interest of the Admin for a lock in of Tax rates for Gas.

  Governor,

  During the campaign, I counseled on the failures of the Murkowski Admins negotiations. These objections (and
  many other items) were highlighted in AGIA. I have a series of questions on the path forward regarding AGIA.
  While I need some answers to these questions, I am hoping that I can get your view on at least one critical question
  about locking in tax rates for Gas only. If Conoco accepts the other points in AGIA, would you sign a Republican


                                                                                                          ROSTON 01245
  10/14/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
  Tax bill that locks in rates for everyone who pledges to participate in the open season (in 2008 even). Just off the top of the
  head, I am thinking about 30 years, use your original ACES numbers for tax rates on Gas.

  This is very important to me since the campaign was not opposed to a reasonable lockin of tax rates as long as the must haves
  were met. Conoco's proposal appears to meet them while guaranteeing a pipeline. Does that Administration agree that
  lockin of tax rates is acceptable under these conditions?

  I am not looking to undermine AGIA. I am interested in making sure that I understand the goals of the administration on this
  critical point.

  To the reader of this email. I have had a personal relationship with the Governor in the past. I was a primary contributor to
  the plan for the Gasline during the campaign. In addition to that, I need to make sure that legislative and media options
  match the intentions of the administration. Hopefully it will be OK for me to call the Governor personally if I can't get an
  answer via email.

  At your convenience.

  Thanks
  Glen Biegel

  360-2674




                                                                                                            ROSTON 01246
  10/14/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
