Unknown

From :                     Fagerstrom, Erika (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                           GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=EFAGERSTROM]
Sent :                     Monday, December 17, 2007 8:38 AM
To:                        Todd Palin
Subject:                   FW: Interview again




Hello Todd,

This is from Steve Landon of the Winning Edge for an interview. The questions follow at the end of
the email below. Let me know if you need me to do anything for this request.

Thank you,

Erika



Erika Fagerstrom

Executive Residence Manager

Governor's House

State of Alaska, Office of the Governor

716 Calhoun Avenue, Juneau, Alaska 99801

Phone: 907-465-3500; Fax: 907-465-2031




-----Original Message-----

From: Winning Edge [mailto:winningedge@chartermi.net]

Sent: Friday, December 14, 2007 11:37 AM

To: Fagerstrom, Erika (GOV)

Subject: Interview again



Erika: Hope your having a great day you sound pretty busy.


                                                     1                               ROSTON 01247




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
Here is are questions again




Dear Erika: It was a pleasure speaking to you today , hope all is well and and I want to wish you the
very best for the coming Holiday.

Alaska has always held a special place in our hearts, we have visited the state seven times before
our kids got into high school. We really hope to move up now that our last child has graduated. We
have always felt at home up there.



If you could please forward this letter on to Todd as soon as possible.



Thanks Again For Everything, sorry to have gotten so windy.



Take Care

Steve Landon




Todd: I can extend doing this interview until Wednesday so please give me a call at 989-588-9213.



If you can give me a call this week or this weekend Sunday would be best. I now have the equipment
to do your interview over the phone. Last year we had to pull the Iron Dog story when only two teams
in the top five got back with us also I did not have the equipment to do the two way interviews over
the phone. The way we used to do them through the answering machine no longer works but Radio
Shack came through with a unit that will work.



I would like to get you in our mid December Issue which will go to press next Friday. Due to Holiday
printing we were asked to bump a week later than normal due to Holiday printing. We will be home all
                                                   2
                                                                                 ROSTON 01248




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
week with the exception of tonight and part of Saturday.



What I am looking for is copies of photos from your 2000 and 2002 wins with Dusty Van Meter.
Winner circle and action shot would be fine . I have pictures from 1995 and your Gold Star Alaska
Race at Summit Lake.



I really felt bad about not getting in the interview with you in the Spring.

Laura really tried her best to get the the rest of the top teams to get with us. Sadly Chris Olds was the
one beyond you and Scott to e-mail or call us back. Laura thinks we can turn thing around this year.
Speaking of the Iron Dog you might recall that plaque we put together a number of years ago, well we
had no idea it was filled until Laura mentioned it one day when I called the I.D. office well we plan to
have another one done in time to have it displayed at the start 2008 race. She sent me pictures of
the old one a few weeks ago.



As for the magazine - it has been a tough go this year, a lot of guys in the industry have pulled back
on ad budgets and Snow Week cut down to four issues. Somehow were hanging in there while
moving into some other areas along with snowmobile racing. We have also added e-subscriptions
see attached ) to speed things up. I think we'll be Ok if we get snow and gas prices stabilize.



On Sunday November 4, 2007 Sherry and I were honored with the 2007

Michigan Motor-Sports Hall of Fame Mick Schuler Media Award.           On Wednesday

11-7-07 we were recognized at our County 4-H banquet as 2007 Parents of the Year. It was a pretty
good week for the Landon Family. Our daughter Stacey won a few awards and our son Seth won
County 4-H Alumni of 2007.



Speaking of Stacey our youngest, She has graduated High School, finished her final year in 4-H, got
married September 29, 2007. She is currently attending community college with plans to become a
probation officer. Her husband is a partner in his fathers construction company. How is your boy
doing?



We still want to move to Alaska in fact we would love to find a lodge to run and do the magazine on
the side. Vixi Rochester ( Jim Strongs girlfriend) has her lodge up for sale outside of Anderson but
they want cash.



Sherry is doing well in fact she is back to college part time taking advantage of the empty nest. She

                                                      3                             ROSTON 01249




 Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
really wants to get moved up to Alaska soon, we really miss it



Well Send our best to everyone.



Your Friends in The Lower "48"



Steve & Sherry Landon

989-588-9213




Interview Part I



W.E. -- Tell us a little bit about yourself; Age, Hometown , Education , Family, Employment, Hobbies,
Etc....



T.P.--



W.E. -- Do recall you first snowmobile experience as well as your first sled? Tell us a little bit about
both of them. Has your family always been outdoor enthusiasts? If yes what other activities are you
involved in?



T.P. -



W.E. Have any of your children raced or planning to race in the future?



T.P.



W.E. You owned and operated a Polaris dealership in Big Lake from 199? -?
                                                     4                                ROSTON 01250




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
Tell us about that dealership and what led to eventually moving on to other things? Does the
dealership still exist today? If yes who now owns it?




W.E. -- How did you get involved in racing? What types of racing have you been active in over the
years in addition to running the Iron Dog?



T. P. --



W.E. Tell us about you first snowmobile race; Sled raced, type of race, finish and most memorable
moment from that race?




W.E. -- What attracted you to cross-country racing? How did you get involved? Do you recall your
first cross-country race where? When? What you were driving? How did you finish? Have you tried
any oval or snow cross? If yes what kind of success have you had? With Chad Gueco and Bill Wilkes
winning the Soo do you have any interest in giving it a try?




T.P. --




W.E. -- Can you list the year make and models of the sleds you have raced?

Is their any particular favorites you have from the; 1970's , 1980's, 1990's and 2000's?



T.P. --


                                                                                     ROSTON 01251




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
W.E. - Please give us your career record 19?? - 2007 Note Person you raced with on team events?
Any special memories of race other than the Iron Dog that really stands out.



T.P. --




W.E. Tell us about how you came to race in the Iron Dog? How did that first race go?



T.P.



W.E. Speaking of Polaris you won your first Tesoro Iron Dog in 1995 with Dewayne Drake and
continued running Polaris in both the Iron Dog and Gold Star Alaska races. until 19??. What did you
like about the Polaris models of that period? What led you to make the switch to Arctic Cat?



T. P.



W.E. You have often said your family has been you biggest supporters. How do you feel they have
they contributed.




                                                  6                               ROSTON 01252




 Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
