  Unknown

   From :     Fagerstrom, Erika (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
              GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=EFAGERSTROM]
   Sent:      Wednesday, December 19, 2007 1:04 PM
   To:        Todd Palin
   Subject: FW: Foundation raffle
  Hi Todd,

  Darla Buck, the Foundation Treasurer, is going to make a few phone calls to non-profit groups to see if
  we can arrange to use another group's permit. She should be calling me later this afternoon with a
  response.

  Would you like for me to send the email to the Foundation members, or wait to first find a group to
  sponsor the raffle?

  I talked with Romer Derr yesterday, and he thought it was a great idea and so did Darla Buck. She said
  the odds for selling 1,000 tickets with 60 winners was 1/17. That sounds like good odds to me!

  As soon as we get a sponsor and hear back from the Foundation Members, I'd like to proceed with
  getting the tickets printed and get things moving!

  I thought I should run the potential sponsor list by Mike Nizich or someone, so we don't have a sponsor
  that might have a potential conflict of interest? I'm not in the "political" loop so I wouldn't want to make a
  mistake like I did having Denny Dewitt as a volunteer at the Open House. Please advise on how you'd
  like for me to proceed.

  Thank you,
  Erika




  Erika Fagerstrom
  Executive Residence Manager
  Governor's House
  State ofAlaska, Office of the Governor
  716 Calhoun Avenue, Juneau, Alaska 99801
  Phone: 907-465-3500,· Fax- 907465-2031




 From : Perez, Linda J (GOV)
 Sent: Tuesday, December 18, 2007 4:03 PM
 To: Todd Palin
 Cc: Fagerstrom, Erika (GOV)
 Subject : Foundation raffle


                                                                                                     ROSTON 01268
  10/15/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
  Hi Mr. Palin,

  I've researched what would be required for the Foundation to have a raffle and discovered that we have a few
  stumbling blocks. The Foundation would need to have a Charitable Gaming Permit with the permit number
  printed on the raffle tickets. To get a charitable gaming permit, we need to be a group with a minimum
  membership of 25 people. However, we may use another entity's permit.

  In order to use another group's permit, all sales must deposit to their gaming account, all expenses must be paid
  by their gaming account, and the group would be allowed to "donate" the net proceeds to the Foundation. If we
  find a group that agrees to allow use of their permit for our raffle, we need to have them contact Jeff Prather in the
  gaming group section of the Department of Revenue. Jeff will provide the group with the process details so there
  are no inadvertent violations.

  Makes it a little more awkward than I had hoped, but it is possible.

  Please let me know if you need more information.

  Thanks
  Linda




                                                                                                 ROSTON 01269
  10/15/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
