  Unknown

  Frorn :    Fagerstrom, Erika (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
             GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=EFAGERSTROM]
  Sent:      Thursday, December 20, 2007 1:04 PM
  To:        Todd Palin
  Subject : Foundation Fundraiser Update
  Hi Todd,

  I met with Linda and Randy and here's the game plan. I sent out an email to have the members vote on
  the fundraiser. Randy is working on changing the Articles and Bylaws so that we can have the needed 25
  members, but the original Directors would remain as the only voting members . Darla Buck is looking
  into setting up a checking account that's only for gaming as we'll need that to qualify for the permit.

  Randy just dropped off the Articles of Amendment; Romer Derr (Vice. President) will sign those today as
  it's quicker then sending it to you- for your signature.

 YES votes:
 Voting Members- Randy Ruaro, Romer Derr, Darla Buck, Pam Knapp

  Non-Voting Members- Linda Perez, John MacKinnon

  Waiting for a response from voting members: Gary Gillette, Marie Darlin and Carolyne Wallace; and non-
  voting Advisory member Candy Waugaman.

 Potential Choices
 To fill current vacancies for voting members : Ginger Johnson, Mike Ford, AG's office. Under Article V
 the AG must make an appointment.

 Other ideas for non-voting members to reach our 25, we need a total of 12 new names.
 Tim Barry at ADF&G.
 Wayne Jensen (Architect)
 Cathie Roemmich

 Any names from Wasilla, Anchorage or Fairbanks?

 We'lI need to file with each municipality that tickets are sold- Juneau, Fairbanks, Anchorage, Wasilla?
 What cities do you want to target?

 Thanks,
 Erika




 Erika Fagerstrom
 Executive Residence Manager
 Governor's House
 State of Alaska, Office ofthe Governor
 716 Calhoun Avenue, Juneau, Alaska 99801
 Phone: 907-465-3500; Fax: 907465-2031




                                                                                                  ROSTON 01272
  10/14/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
