  Unknown

  From:        Mason, Janice L (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
               GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=JLMASON]
  Sent :      Wednesday, January 02, 2008 8:50 AM
  To:         'fek9wnr@yahoo.com'
  Subject : Scheduling
  Todd - I wanted to make sure you have seen this email in regards to the invitation for you to
  accompany Jim Posey to off- Railbelt Communities . Thank you, Janice




  From : Saddler, Daniel R (GOV)
  Sent: Monday, November 19, 2007 4:05 PM
  To: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)
  Subject: Jim Posey asks if he and First Gentleman can be governor's anti-dropout ambassadors to Bush

  Kris -

  Jim Posey, general manager of ML&P, stopped by the Anchorage office on Friday 11/16 to chat, and
  deliver an offer related to the governor's invitation to any young Alaskan considering dropping out to call
  her instead. Jim said that, if the governor so desired, he would be very pleased to accompany Todd Palin
  on a trip to any of the off-Railbelt communities whose high schools the U.S Department of Education had
  labeled as "dropout factories." (i.e. Bethel Regional, Dillingham, and Barrow high schools). He said that
  he has extensive experience in encouraging young people to stay in school and get educated and trained
  for the workforce. He further said that he believes Todd would be a great ambassador for the governor,
  especially in delivering a "stay in school" message to rural Alaskan youth.

  Jim intimated that there was a good working relationship between himself and the governor. He
  mentioned her visit to ML&P to deliver doughnuts to and socialize with the customer service staff this
  summer.

  As expressed in my Friday email to you (repeated below) Posey, as program chairman for the Downtown
  Rotary Club, has invited the governor (or as a fallback, DNR Commissioner Irwin) to speak at the club's
  Monday noon meeting on either Jan. 14, 21, or 28. (FYI, Irwin's staff has penciled in Jan 14 - the
  Legislature gavels in on Jan. 15k, so the timing is great). Posey said that he would be very tickled if the
  governor were to announce at such a speech that he and Todd would be hitting to road to encourage
  young rural Alaskans to stay in school.


  - Dan Saddler
  Deputy Director, Boards and Commissions
  269-7447 W; 269-7463 F




                                                                                                  ROSTON 01283
  10/15/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
