  U nknown

   From:     Fagerstrom , Erika (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
             GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=EFAGERSTROM]
   Sent:     Tuesday, January 08, 2008 7:02 PM
  To:        fek9wnr@yahoo.com
  Cc:        Ruaro; Randall P (GOV)
  Subject: Foundation Fundraiser Update
  Hello Todd,

  If you're in town this Monday, I can arrange a meeting with Randy and Linda to finalize plans for the
  fundraiser and another quick meeting with Jason and Andy to decide on t.v. locations. This is what I have
  so far...

  Media : Andy said they could set up 2-3 projection screens. The local high tech store didn't
  rent and they weren't interested in using it as a promotional deal, since we only had cable and they didn't
  think that would do their t.v.s. justice (prefer satellite).

  Seating : I think on the first floor we have seating for at least 30 and would need 30-40
  more seats. I met with Scott Jensen the owner of Lyles Home Furnishings and he will
  let us use as many recliners and sofas that we need at no charge (transport costs not
  included). He recommends using all recliners, but I think sofas would be good too.
  Anyhow, he said I could stop by his store and see what he has available.
  Furniture Transport : I'm making phone calls to see if any local companies will donate
  moving the furniture for us. Kevin Anderson (Seattle) of AML , declined at first, but said
  if no one else would donate the transport, to give him a call.

  Catering : A very rough estimate would be close to $1,400; I'll make catering calls
  tomorrow, as I need this information anyways. The foundation would reimburse the
  state for any beer or wine that is used.. Those details can be worked out later...

  Tickets: We need to print tickets and come up with a game plan for distribution. 60
  ticket for $250. each would be $15,000. minus our expenses.

  I'll wait to hear back from you before I finalize anything; I'll continuer to look into things just so that we're
  ready if you decide to move forward with this.

  Thanks,
  Erika




  Erika Fagerstrom
  Executive Residence Manager
  Governor's House
  State of Alaska, Office of the Governor
  716 Calhoun Avenue, Juneau, Alaska 99801
  Phone: 907-465-3500; Fax: 907.465-2031




                                                                                                             ROSTON 01295
  10/14/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
