  Unknown

  From :     Fagerstrom, Erika (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
             GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=EFAGERSTROM]
  Sent :     Friday, January 11, 2008 1:42 PM
  To:        gov.sarah@yahoo.com
  Cc:        fek9wnr@yahoo.com
  Subject: House Info.
  Hello Governor,

  There's an account set up for the House at El Sombrero with you, Todd and Willow (plus House staff) as
  signers; it will include a 15-18% gratuity. When Willow goes in she can let the wait staff know who should
  be included on her ticket.

  We're still waiting for the tank ordered for Piper's bathroom toilet; it's a vintage 1900 replacement so it's
  taking longer then a normal tank. Everything else should be working, let me know if anything comes up
  over the weekend- I'll have my phone.

  Just as a reminder- there are extra keys in the closet in the hall by my office; it's that small key box (the
  code is 3-2-1). Along with A&P (Foodland), Foodland Drug, Carrs/Safeway we have an account at
  SuperBear- our tax exempt number is 926001185.

  There's extra furniture that I had them put in your office until we find what you'd like. We can easily
  purchase any furniture at Lyles Home Furnishings, Southeast Furniture or even Costco. Those are
  easiest since they're local, but we can buy furniture anywhere that you prefer. There's a really nice black
  leather set with white stitching at Lyles with a nice leather ottoman, plus a whole lot more. Let me know
  how you'd like for me to proceed- as it's just a matter of picking out what works best for you and the family
  for that room. The table on the 2nd floor was your old desk, so that's temporary unless you like it; I was
  given the okay to purchase a table, so if you find one or want me to find one, just let me know.

  Diane will be in at 7:30am. and Susan and I at 8:00am.- no one will come upstairs until 8:00am., but we
  can wait until 9:00am. or whatever you prefer. There's a computer I can use downstairs and I have allot
  of archiving that needs to be done in the Security room; and there's always plenty for the gals to do in the
  Housekeeping, Pantry, Kitchen Prep rooms.

  To not have this be too long- Early next week I'll let you know more about the 2nd phase of the plumbing
  project scheduled to begin in June.

  We look forward to seeing you and the girls!! :)

  Thanks,
  Erika




                                                                                                     ROSTON 01328
  10/14/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
