Unknown
From :                    Bailey, Frank T (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                          GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=FTBAILEY]
Sent:                     Tuesday, January 15, 2008 10:55 AM
To:                       Frye; Ivy J (DOA); 'govpalin@alaska.gov; 'fek9wnr@yahoo.com'; Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
Subject :                 Re: Lyda Green refuses to support Alaska's troops


Yes!!!



leave it to the Zaki/Taufen/Dochterman crowd to stand up in the middle of this stuff!



----- Original Message -----

From: Frye, Ivy J (DOA)

To: Palin , Sarah (GOV sponsored ); Todd Palin <fek9wnr@yahoo . com>; Perry , Kristina Y (GOV);
Bailey , Frank T (GOV)

Sent: Tue Jan 15 10:53:26 2008

Subject: Lyda Green refuses to support Alaska's troops




Lyda Green refuses to support Alaska's troops




January 15, 2008




By Dennis Zaki - Alaska Senate president Lyda Green is trying to block governor Sarah Palin from
seeing her son graduate boot camp Thursday at Fort Benning, Georgia.



Palin sent a letter December 18th asking lawmakers to schedule a joint session of the House and
Senate to hear the speech at 6 pm on the first night of the legislative session so Palin could make a 9
pm flight that night to Seattle.
                                                         1                                 ROSTON 01375




 Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
The 6 pm timeslot would allow Palin to catch a flight she had paid for and booked in advance.



Green claims that the traditional time is 7 pm and it should stay that way.



Senate Majority spokesman Green's lapdog Jeff Turner claimed the reason the speech can't be at 6
p.m. because the storms over the weekend interfered with many of the flights into Juneau and
senators would be coming into town throughout the day Tuesday. Yet, a check with Alaska Airlines
showed over 150 available seats Monday, and 125 seats available today from Anchorage. That's not
counting legislators already booked on flights. Turner's claim is obviously a smokescreen.



A mother supporting her child at boot camp is as real as it gets.



Green has some explaining to do to her constituents in Wasilla with family members in the military.



And support our troops.




                                                   2                               ROSTON 01376




 Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
