 Unknown

  From :    Frye, Ivy J (DOA) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=IJFRYE]
  Sent:     Wednesday, January 16, 2008 10:22 AM
  To:       gov.sarah@yahoo.com; Todd Palin; Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); frank bailey
  Subject : FW: follow-up to your msg
 Steve speaks with brevity, but I think he sees where we're coming from.
 See you all soon,
 Ivy


 From: Quinn, Steve [mailto:squinn@ap.org]
 Sent: Wednesday, January 16, 2008 10:18 AM
 To: Frye, Ivy J (DOA)
 Subject : RE: follow-up to your msg

 You see things with greater clarity as well as passion.

 You .02 is always welcome. Always.

 Talk to you later, Ivy J.




 From: Frye, Ivy J (DOA) [mailto:ivy.frye@alaska.gov]
 Sent : Wednesday, January 16, 2008 8:59 AM
 To: Quinn, Steve
 Subject : follow-up to your msg

 No, Steve I don't agree. You think because the governor was able to give a speech yesterday it should
 excuse the behavior of the Legislature. I disagree. The governor should not be accused of mis-
 communicating (again!) with the Legislature when she transmitted her request to them in December.
 John Bitney knew then that Track was graduating from infantry training and instead of drafting a letter to
 send to the Senate with the requested time in it he sent a letter that said 7:00 pm. The miscommunication
 is on behalf of the House via John Bitney.

 Furthermore, the Senate said that they were sticking with 7:00 because it was the "traditional" start time
 and so Lyda could allow time for her members to arrive in Juneau. WHY would she then propose a 4:00
 pm star! time-how would an early time leave room for her members to file in? Then in this morning's
 ADN article Cockerham said the governor "bristled" at Lyda's implication of "accommodating her personal
 schedule." The governor did everything in her power to COMMUNICATE and ACCOMMODATE the
 Legislature, and she's still blamed for the miscommunication? Does she need to copy the media on every
 transmittal letter to the Legislature to show how well she actually communicates? I mean Steve, she's the
 governor. She's a natural, God-Given, communicator. And you, having sat down with her so many times,
 know how gracious she is with her time, how accommodating she is, and how well she articulates her
 message.

 Just my $.02. I respect your objectiveness, and the way you capture the essence of the governor's
 message in your articles; however, I will continue to hold your feet to the fire. I know you wouldn't expect
 anything less from me. And, I extend the same courtesy to you-if you see me inaccurately describing
 something, or if you think I'm ever off base just let me know. I can handle the constructive criticism and
 can stand to hear another point of view.

 Thanks,

 Ivy
                                                                                                  ROSTON 01382

 10/15/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
