Unknown
From:                               Palin, Sarah ( GOV sponsored ) [govpalin@alaska.gov]
Sent:                               Friday, January 18 , 2008 4:41 PM
To:                                 'ftb907@yahoo . com; 'fek9wnr @yahoo.com'
Cc:                                 Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Colberg ; Talis J (LAW)
Subject:                            Fw: Update on Tax Policies for Electronic Listed Property

Attachments:                        Electronic List Property Authorization.doc; Update on Tax Policies for Electronic Listed
                                    Property.doc




  Electronic List    Update on Tax
 Property Autho...   Policies for Ele...
                             Frank- Doesn't it still just make more sense to get personal blackberry and
soley use that? No way in heck do I have time to track what's business and what's not. (Shoot- if
"vacation time" like today is any indication of "off-state time" time, after receiving and sending
umpteen emails and calls these past few days - then it's a whack system to have to consider ANY
time is "personal time", and most every call/email should not have to be decifered re: percent of time
that's spent "personally".




 Kami and other IT people have already turned in their state equipment, so it must make more sense
to use personal- otherwise they wouldn't have done that.



----- Original Message -----

From : Perez , Linda J (GOV)

To: GOV All Staff

Sent : Fri Jan 18 13: 18:14 2008

Subject: FW: Update on Tax Policies for Electronic Listed Property




                                                                    1                                       ROSTON 01386




 Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
From: Garnero , Kim J (DOA) [mailto:kim . garnero@alaska.gov]

Sent : Thursday, January 17, 2008 6:58 PM

To: statewide - admin solutions team ; financeofficers @ admin . state.ak.us

Cc: Dubey, Anand (DOA); Thompson, Brad (DOA); Sheehan, Katherine E (DOA); Shier, Patrick J
(DOA); Swanson, Eric W (DOA); Augustus, Staci A (DOA); Pusich, Lisa M (DOA); Kreitzer, Annette E
(DOA); Petro, Rachael A (DOA); Barnhill, Michael A (LAW)

Subject: Update on Tax Policies for Electronic Listed Property




Hello,



Attached are two documents that should be distributed to your employees to update them on where
we are with the tax policy for electronic listed property. The "update" document provides some
details on what has been decided and what has not. High points include:




        Department of Law is reviewing the draft policy and FAQs that were distributed in December
and evaluating them against IRS requirements. Final policy for the State of Alaska is pending this
review.

        An annual authorization form is being developed for employees and supervisors to document
the agreement on use of electronic listed property. The draft is attached, and feedback is on this
draft is appreciated.

        The delay in finalizing our policy means that employee reporting will not occur in February as
indicated in the original FAQs. However for W-2s to be accurate for 2008, the reporting period must
include January. Employees will be required to report personal use of state-provided assets starting
for the full 12 months of 2008.

      Similarly allowances can be paid for months beginning in January when a personal cell phone
or PDA is authorized for business use.

        Our substantiation standard for supporting business use of state assets will only require an
employee to identify personal use, not support all business use. This should greatly simplify
reporting.

                                                    2                             ROSTON 01387




 Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
        Logs of call detail are not required, but employees may choose to keep them to help them
identify personal calls on the cell phone invoices.

      Allowance amounts for personal assets have been set at $40 a month for cell phones and $75
for PDAs.

      No allowance will be paid for personal laptops or home computers without a Telework
agreement.




If you or your employees have questions, concerns, or recommendations about information, including
the draft form, please contact Lisa Pusich at 465-5616 or me. Thank you for your patience as we
work through the details toward a policy we can live with.



Kim Garnero                                                                                          i



Director of Finance



465-3435




                                                 3                              ROSTON 01388




 Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
                                                          Annual Electronic Listed Property Authorization
                                                                                            (Required upon hire and annually thereafter each January)


    The need and use of electronic equipment provided by public funds must be in direct support of
    the assigned duties and responsibilities of the user and support the delivery of State services.

     Dep artment of
     Employee Name                                                                                                                                                            Employee PCN
                                                                                                                                                                              Employee ID

    The following electronic listed property is necessary for this employee:
                                               Equipment                                                                State Issued                                                                                         Employee Owned

                                           (Determination                                                                                                          (Completed by employee
                                           by Su pervisor)
     Cell/Satellite                                      u                              Substantiation                       u             No Personal                     u                    Substantiation i,, u                                           Allowance'             u
     Phone                                                                                                                                     Use                                                                                           ....... .......
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      $40
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               __ .. ... . .. .....
     PDA Device                                          u                             Substantiation                        u             No Personal                    u                     Substantiation                       u                         Allowance'             u
      .___.... _....... _ .. _ . .._.__. . ..._ ._.. . .._...___.__._._.._............. _. ...........__............ _.... -._.....___._.... --. _....... ......Use
                                                                                                                                                                -...   ..._.._._ ....... ....     ...._....... _.__.......... .._._...__                              $75             .......
     Laptop                                                     El                             Substantiation                         El             No Personal           El                   Substantiation                           u
     ComP.__....._.__.
                uter                     .                                                                        _.._..___. ___.._.__._ ..____ Use
     Home                                                                                                         iation              u             No Personal           u                     Substantiation                       u
     Computer                                                                                                                                                   Use

      If the provided allowance for the device is determined to be insufficient for the business purpose, a waiver may be submitted for approval to the
       Department Commissioner. Only one allowance ($40 or $7'5) can be received by an employee :,-


    Required timeframe
    Start Date                                                                                                                                           End Date ( notto exceed December 31')




    Justification for the above equipment
    Public/personal safety requirement                                          u               Critical decision maker.                                                                               Immediate responsiveness is                                                    u
    is an integral partjob duty.                                                                                                                                                                       required for urgent State business.


    Required to be on callouts tde of                                           u               Substantial portion ofwork"is conducted                                                                Laptop is primary computer.
    normal hours worked.'"                                                                      m the, fieId.
    Other justification if not described above:




    I have read and will cam ply with the State's electronic equipment policy in AAM 320.340 and
    reporting requirements required..
    Employee's Signature                                                Date




    I certify that the requested electronic equipment is essential in the performance of State business
    regarding the employee's assigned job duties.
    Supervisor's Authorization                                             Date
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 - ROSTON 01389

    C:\Documents and Settings\jmclarkin . LAW\Local Settings\Temporary Internet Files\OLKA2\Electronic List Property Authorization. doe
                                                       Revised 10/14/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
                                                                                                               ROSTON 01390

   C:\Documents and Settings\jmclarkin .LAW\Local Settings\Temporary Internet Files\OLKA2\Electronic List Property Authorization.doc
                                                     Revised 10/14/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
       Update on Tax Policies for Electronic Listed Property - January 17, 2008

       Policy on reporting personal use of electronic listed property is still being finalized.
       Department of Law is reviewing what Division of Finance has proposed. Law has
       confirmed that proposed policy and methods are technically compliant with IRS
       requirements. But attorneys are still evaluating those requirements to see if there is a
       reasonable zone of compliance that will satisfy both the IRS' objectives of ensuring that
       all employee income, including income from fringe benefits, is reported, and the state's
       goal of not imposing unreasonable record-keeping requirements on its employees.

       Meetings with attorneys will occur next week to get to final policy decisions. More
       information will be sent out as soon as possible once the decisions are made.

       In the meantime, what has occurred since the draft policy framework and FAQs were
       distributed on 12/24:

           1. Implementation will be delayed from the first of February for a couple of months
              due to delay in finalizing policy. This does not delay the initial reporting period
              of January 2008 for personal use. Employees who are using state-provided
              electronic listed property will be required to report their personal use beginning
              with January so that the W-2s for 2008 are correct.

          2. An annual authorization form will be completed by the employee and supervisor
             to document the listed property authorized, the business purpose, who owns it,
             and how it will be accounted for. This form is being distributed in draft form now
             for your feedback before it is finalized.

          3. We are changing the requirement from substantiating each business call, to
             identifying the personal calls, which makes the recordkeeping much simpler for
             state-provided assets.

          4. Logs will not be required-by the policy. But employees will be asked to review
             their cell phone invoices and identify personal calls. So if logs would help them
             in this effort, they are encouraged to create them. We are looking at methods to
             get each employee's cell phone bill emailed to them in Excel format for
              identifying the personal calls.

          5. Similarly, personal use of state-provided PDAs and laptops used outside the
             business premises will need to be reported beginning with January, so employees
             should maintain whatever records they consider necessary to support this
             reporting requirement.

          6. Proposed allowance amounts for method 4 in the policy framework are $40 for
             cell phones and $75 for PDAs. Employees can get one or the other, but not both.
             ETS is determining the types of PDAs that will be supported.




                                                                                         ROSTON 01391




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
         7. No allowances will be given for personal laptop or desktop computers unless a
            formal Telework agreement is in place.

         8. The value of laptops has been set at $24 a month and desktops in employee's
            homes at $18 a month based on state Dell contract purchases. These amounts will
            be multiplied by personal use percentage to determine taxable compensation or
            reimbursement amount by employees for state-provided computers used outside
            the business premises for method 1 in the policy framework. They will also be
            used to calculate the reimbursement to employees for substantiated business use
            of personal laptops for method 3. Note that personal laptops are generally .
            prohibited inside the state's firewall due to security concerns and the related
            workload on IT staff.

      Additional questions or concerns should be directed to Kim Garnero at 465-3435 or Lisa
      Pusich at 465-5616 in the Division of Finance.




                                                                                    ROSTON 01392




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
