  Unknown

   From :       palin@mtaonline.net
   Sent:        Wednesday, January 23, 2008 7:55 PM
   To:          fek9wnr@yahoo.com
   Subject :    Fwd: DOC (186).PDF - Willow Airport and the Iditarod Race
   Attachments : DOC (186).PDF
  Todd - Two e-mails to you on this subject tonight.

  This Willow Airport thing leads me to believe that Ron Stroman (DOT guy) is not being
  truthful about the situation. This whole issue could be resolved if the DOT would just
  give the Iditarod until next summer/fall to get another location for parking vehicles
  beginning with the 2009 Event. It's that simple!!!

  Some highlights from the 3/12/07 letter from FAA's Byron Huffman to State DOT
  Torgerson -

  1) "...may have been in non-compliance... of some grant assurances..."
  2) "...it appears..."
  3) "...we ask that you discourage the planners of the Iditarod from considering the use
  of the Willow airport for parking. ..they make alternative plans...

  Some highlights of the 4/12/07 letter from State DOT to FAA' s Huffman -

  1) "... may have be in non-compliance."
  2) "... looking at alternative locations for vehicle parking if Willow is used in future for
  restarts.."

  5/3/07 Letter from FAA to DOT was concerning Revenues.

  Conclusion : It appears to me that FAA is NOT saying DOT is not in compliance,
  but Ron Stroman is suggestion it without any written proof from FAA.

  If anyone wants to talk with me about this situation, have them give me a call and I will
  give them my understanding and opinion of this unfortunate situation.

  Thanks

  Dad
  760-345-9787
  palin mtaonline.net




  --- Begin forwarded message:


                                                                                      ROSTON 01414
  10/14/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
  From: Stan Hooley <shooley@iditarod.com>
  To: Jim Palin <palin@mtaonline.net>
  Subject: DOC (186).PDF
  Date: Wed, 23 Jan 2008 18:06:54 -0900

  letter from the Commissioner....

 No virus found in this outgoing message.
 Checked by AVG Free Edition.
 Version: 7.5.516 / Virus Database: 269.19.9/1239 - Release Date: 1/23/2008 10:24 AM




                                                                                       ROSTON 01415

  10/14/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
      D
      U. S. Department                               Alaskan Region                          222 W. 7th Avenue #14
      of Transportation                                                                      Anchorage, Alaska
                                                                                             99513-7587
      Federal Aviation
      Administration


      Mr. John Torgerson
      Deputy Commissioner of Aviation
      State of Alaska, DQT&PF
      P.O. Box 196900
      Anchorage, Alaska 99519-6900

      Dear Mr. Torgerson:

      The FAA Airports Division was recently notified of some circumstances concerning the operation of the
      Willow airport during the 2007 Iditarod restart. As you are aware, the Willow airport is a federally-
      obligated airport under the provisions of Title 49 U.S.C. subtitle VU. Based upon our review, the recent
      use of the Willow airport-may have been-in-non-compliance with-some of-the-AIP_grant assurances
      including:                                                                       -

      5.      Preserving Rights and Powers
      19.     Operation & Maintenance
      21.     Compatible Land Use

      I've included a copy of the applicable Airport Sponsor Assurances (dated 5/97) associated with the
      Willow Airport.

      Of particular concern, it appears that portions of the Runway Protection Zones (RPZs) were identified for
      the parking of spectator vehicles (see attached DOT&PF Traffic Control Plan). The FAA discourages the
      use of RPZ lands for activities that result in congregations of people (this includes vehicle parking). The
      use of RPZ lands for vehicle parking is considered incompatible with normal airport operations and is not
      normally approved by the FAA.

      It should be further emphasized that in accordance with Gran( Assurance 25, "Airport Revenues" any
      revenue generated by the Airport must be utilized for airport purposes. Please confirm to our office the
      amount of revenue received as a result of vehicular parking on Willow airport property and its future
      anticipated usage.

      To ensure that a sponsor does not promote an activity on the airport that could jeopardize its grant
      assurances, we encourage the sponsor to seek FAA approval prior to condoning activities that are outside
      the normal aeronautical use of the airport. Furthermore, we ask that you discourage the planners of the
      Iditarod from considering the use of Willow airportfor parking or any other unapproved non-aeronautical
      uses during future Iditarod restarts (or other like events) and that they make alternate plans to
      accommodate such activities.

      Sincerely,




      Attachments: traffic control plan, grant assurances

                                                                                                   ROSTON 01416




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
     STATE OF ALASKA
      DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION AND PUBLIC FACILITIES
                                     STATEWIDE AVIATION                                       SARAH PALIN, GOVERNOR


                                                                                            4111 AVIATION AVENUE
                                                                                            P.O. BOX 196900
                                                                                           ANCHORAGE, ALASKA 99519
                                                                                          (907) 269-0730 Fax (907) 269-0489


     Byron Huffman
     Manager, Alaska Region
     Airports Division
     Federal Aviation Administration
     222 W. 7th Avenue, #14
     Anchorage Alaska 99513

     Dear Mr. Huffman.-

     Thank you for your letter received in our office on March 12, 2007, where you discussed
     FAA's concerns with the Last Great Race, the Alaskan Iditarod Sled Dog Race using
     the Willow Airport for its 2007 restart. In your letter, you expressed concerns that the
     State "may have been in non-compliance" with the FAA AIP Grant Assurance Program
     for allowing the race to use the Willow Airport to support of this Alaskan tradition.

     The State appreciates the FAA's support and tolerance over the last 15 years when first
     the Iditarod restart used Willow Airport because the snow conditions at Wasilla, the
     traditional home of the Iditarod was unable to safely accommodate the running dogs.
     We both know that when Willow Airport was first used, chaos reigned supreme.
     However, over the years the department has worked with the Iditarod Committee, local
     associations, the Alaska Defense Force, the airport tenants, users of the airport, and
     even received assistance from the FAA on how to safely support the restart and
     continue the use of the airport.

     Prior to the restart, a NOTAM is published, the. tenants are informed, notices given to
     users of the airport, a traffic plan developed and implemented, the State Troopers and
     the Alaska Defense Force are mobilized to control pedestrians and traffic, areas are
     marked off for vehicles and pedestrians, times limits are established for use of the
     airport, and absolutely no one is allowed on the runway but aircraft.

     You've pointed out the particular Grant Assurance Provisions; 5, Preserving Rights and
     Powers; 19, Operation and Maintenance; & 21, Compatible Land Use where the State
     may have been in non-compliance. You also state that spectator vehicles parking
     within the Runway Protection Zones were of particular concern to the FAA. Please note
     that the safety of the air traveling public is the State's first concern in operating its
     approximately 260 rural airports. And be assured that everything that could have been
     done to safely accommodate the users of the airport was looked at, evaluated, and


                 "Providing for the movement of people and goods and the delivery offslate sen'ices. "


                                                                                                    ROSTON 01417




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
     implemented so that safety was not compromised.

     The Iditarod Committee was issued a permit and charged the regulatory rate. The
     language of the permit was restrictive and allowed for the department to cancel upon
     immediate notice should safety be jeopardized. While the State does not in ordinary
     circumstances encourage events on airports we feel that the Iditarod Sled Dog Race is
     not an ordinary event and that through the measures taken , safety wasn't
     compromised.

     We appreciate FAA's offer of involvement should the race request use of the Willow
     Airport for its restart in the future . And while we do discourage the Iditarod Committee
     of using the Airport, they inform us that there is no place within the race route that
     meets the criteria of enough area to handle the racers , the general public , enough snow
     is readily accessible . This great Alaskan tradition is supported by the Governor's office,
     the legislature , and the State government . We appreciate the FAA's concerns but we
     believe that all measures have been taken that can be taken to ensure.the continued
     safe .use of the airport.         -                     -        -                -

     We are looking at alternative locations for vehicle parking if Willow is used in the future
     for the restart. We are requesting support from the community and the Iditarod
     Committee to assist in this effort. To this end, we have requested a meeting with Mr.
     Stan Hooey, Executive Director of the Iditarod.

     Again, thank you for your letter. Please don't hesitate to call me if you have any
     questions regarding this matter.

                                                       Sincerely,



                                                      John Torgerson
                                                      Deputy Commissioner Aviation


     Cc:   Leo von Scheben
           Commissioner
           Ron Stroman
           Chief, Statewide Aviation Leasing
           Anna Walker
           Regional Safety Officer




                 ".Providing for the movement ofpeople and goods and the delivezy of state services. "

                                                                                                         ROSTON 01418




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
   U.S. Department                                                          FAA Alaskan Region
   of Transportation                                                        222 W. 7th Avenue, Box 14
                                                                            Anchorage, Alaska
   Federal Aviation                                                         99513-7587
   Administration
     MAY    3 2007

   Mr. John Torgerson
   Deputy Commissioner of Aviation
   4111 Aviation Avenue
   Anchorage, Alaska 99519



   Dear Mr. Torgerson:

                                   Iditarod Restart at the Willow Airport

   Thank you for your April 12, 2007 letter addressing the concerns of the Federal Aviation Administration
   (FAA) concerning the restart of the Iditarod Sled Dog Race at the Willow Airport. I would again
   reiterate to you and your staff that FAA approval is required for any and all future activities that are
   outside the normal aeronautical use of the Willow Airport.

   On a separate follow-up matter, your letter did not address our questions concerning the revenue
   obtained for vehicle parking on airport property during the Iditarod Restart event. As you are well
   aware, in accordance with Grant Assurance 25 (49 USC 47107), "the revenues generated by a public
   airport will be expended for the capital or operating costs of the airport." We therefore ask that the
   Department please provide to our office the amount of revenue that was generated from vehicular
   parking as a result of the 2007 Iditarod Sled Dog Race Restart and the disposition for its future
   aeronautical use(s).


   Sincerely,




                                                                                           ROSTON 01419




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
      STATE OF ALASKA
       DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION AND PUBLIC FACILITIES
                                      STATEWIDE AVIATION                                       SARAH PALIN, GOVERNOR


                                                                                             4111 AVIATION AVENUE
                                                                                            P.O. BOX 196900
                                                                                            ANCHORAGE, ALASKA 99519
                                                                                           (907) 269-0730 Fax (907) 269-0489


                                                                         May 15, 2007
      Byron Huffman
      Manager, Alaska Region
      Airports Division
      Federal Aviation Administration
      222 W. 7"' Avenue, #14
      Anchorage Alaska 99513

      Dear Mr. Huffman.

      In response to your letter dated May 3, 2007, please note, as stated in the previous
      letter, that the Iditarod Committee was charged the regulatory rate based upon a one
      day event for use of State lands [SEE 17 AAC 45.127(m)(1)].. As is required by State
      law, any money generated must be deposited in the State general fund.

      The State's obligation toward the maintenance and support of the rural airport system in
      Alaska is well in excess of $15 million annually. The revenue generated from the rural
      airport system is approximately $3 million. Because of the number of rural airports, the
      minimal amount of revenue generated compared to the amount of money expended in
      the support of the rural airport system, the FAA has accepted airport revenue being
      deposited in the general fund, as satisfying the provision of our grant assurance.

      I hope this answers your question . If you have anything further, please don 't hesitate to
      contact me or Ron Stroman, Chief Statewide Aviation Leasing . Thank you.




      Cc:   Leo von Scheben
            Commissioner
            Ron Stroman
            Chief, Statewide Aviation Leasing


                  "Providing for the movement ofpeople and goods and the delivery of state services. "


                                                                                                         ROSTON 01420




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
                                                      ROSTON 01421




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
