  Unknown

  From :     Fagerstrom, Erika (GOV) [erika.fagerstrom@ alaska.gov]
  Sent:      Thursday, January 24, 2008 9:07 AM
  To:        fek9wnr@yahoo.com; Ruaro; Randall P (GOV)
  Subject : Agenda 1.24.08.doc
  Hello,
  This is the FINAL Agenda copy that will be distributed to the members. The DRAFT AGENDA
  is for us; it has all of the extra notes for running the meeting. The Teleconference call-in number
  is 1(800) 315-6338 Dial Code: 5552#
  Thanks,
  Erika




                            Friends of the Alaska Governor's Mansion

                                                  Agenda

 1.        Call to Order / Roll Call

 II.       President ' s Report

           A. Status of Construction work / New Backup Generator, Phase I
              Plumbing; and Window Restoration at the Mansion in the last 6 months.

           B. Fundraising Activities / Ornament sales / New ideas for fundraising that
              will be discussed in more detail later in the agenda.

 III.      Treasurer ' s Report

           A. Current Financial Status

           B. Motion to accept the Treasurer's written report.

 IV.       Secretary' s Report

           A. Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation. (Required for Gaming
              Permit)

           B. Amendment to the By-laws. (Required for Gaming Permit)

           C. Filed the Mansion's bi-annual report.


                                                                                         ROSTON 01424
  10/14/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
        D. Filed documents amending the registered agent for the Mansion from Karen
           Newton to Erika with state corporations division.




        E. Summary - The Mansion is in good standing and all corporate documents are
           filed the Mansion would need to apply for a gaming permit.

        F. Minutes

  IV.   New Business

        A. Gaming Permit. Members were asked to vote regarding pursuit of a state of
           Alaska gaming permit for the Foundation so we could expand our fundraising
           activities. A majority of the voting members said "Yes" we should apply for a
           gaming permit. Applying for a permit required us to amend our Articles of
           Incorporation and our By-Laws.

           Marie Darlin suggested we ratify the decision and the amendments to the
           Articles and the By-laws with a formal vote at this meeting.

           Motion to ratify the previous vote to pursue a state gaming permit and the
           amendments to the Articles of Incorporation and the By-laws.

        B. Selling tickets to attend Super Bowl event at the Mansion. Since Gaming
           Permits take 2-3 weeks at best to be issued, we just won't have time to get a
           permit, and then have a reasonable amount of time to sell tickets and hold the
           raffle before the game. An alternative is just to sell tickets for attendance
           without a raffle.

        C. Motion that the Mansion pursue simply selling tickets to attend a Super Bowl
           event.




                                                                          ROSTON 01425
  10/14/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
        D. Website for the Mansion - donations could be accepted over the web,
           fundraising events could be advertised, etc. Old photos and testimonials from
           Carol Sturgelewski' s materials , etc., could be posted.

               Motion to continue looking into the idea of a website and to report back to the
               members on costs, etc., at the next meeting.

        E. To pursue a gaming permit, you need to have at least 25 members. Since we
           are not filing for the permit right away, we have some time to add members to
           the group. There is a list of some people who have volunteered. If anyone has
           objections to any of the people on the list, please let Erika know through e-mail
           or a separate phone call or conversation. We are not going to debate individuals
           before the group right now. If there are concerns that come in about an
           individual they will be noted and the President will make the final decision
           whether to include them on a list of possible new members. Also, if you have
           more names, please get them to Erika so they can be considered.

  V.    Old Business

        A. The Carol Sturgelewski book project.

  VI.   Any Other Business / Comments.




                                                                                  ROSTON 01426
  10/14/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
