   Unknown

    From:      Bailey, Frank T (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=FTBAILE` I
    Sent:      Thursday, February 07, 2008 1:06 PM
    To:        fek9wnr@yahoo.com
    Subject: FW. [Fwd: FW: FW: Board of Game Appoointments]
   Todd... don't know if you got this when I sent previously, Said it came back undeliverable.


   From : Christine [mailto         -       moo
   Sent: Tuesday, February 05, 2008 8:54 PM
   To: Bailey, Frank T (GOV)
   Subject: [Fwd: FW: FW: Board of Game Appoointments)




   Frank - heads up, you should be aware of this ... the below request, information,
   and concern has gone out to ALL the native corps and regions throughout the
   state. THere is great concern regarding balance on native and subsistence
   representation, as you can see here, and this is being taken up by multiple native
   organizations of which I belong to one.
   Christine




  -------- Original Message --------

  Subject :FW: FW: Board of Game Appoointments
     Date :Tue, 5 Feb 2008 07:47:19 -0900
    From :Rachel Weaver <rweaver(uakvilla¢e.com>
      To:Agnes Tony <agnes.tonv(u-?tananachiefs.ore>. Andrew Jimmie
                                     Andrew Miller Jr.                               Christine
           Klein -                            John Crawford <icrawfordrri!snai.com>, Joseph
           Chythlook <ioseph chythlook(d tishgame .state . ak.us>. Kathryn Anderson
                                  Ken Johns <brebnenahtna.net>. Linda. Suydam
                                         Lucille Mayer <Imaver!c?ain.olgoonik.com>. Michael
           Harper <                       Michael Martin                          >. Moses
           Kritz <mkritzQunicom-alas ca.com>, Myrna Torgramsen
           Myron Naneng <mnanenR avcp.ore>, Robert Schaeffer
                                        Roseann Demmert
          CC:Charles Parker <cnarkernakvillaee. com>, George Quinto <gquintonakvillaee.com>.
             Lou Nelson <] nelson(akvillage.com>




  Please read the information below. Myron asked me to forward it to you all.



  Thank you-




  Rachel Weaver

  E.recunve Assistant

  Alaska Village Initiatives

  1577 C Street, Suite 304

  Anchorage . AK 99501

  Phone - 907-'63-9827




                                                                                                         ROSTON 01501
  10/15/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
  Toll Free: 1-800-478-2332 ext. 827

  Fax: 907-263-9971




  From : Myron P. Naneng [mailto:mnaneng©aycp.orq]
  Sent: Monday, February 04, 2008 11:57 AM
  To: brebne@ahtna.net
  Cc: mnicolai@calistacoro.com; Rachel Weaver
  Subject: Fwd: FW: Board of Game Appoointments




  Where do you all stand on this? I would like to hear from Ken Johns on this issue as he served on his F& G panel when Governor Palin got elected.
   Does he feel betrayed by these appointments. Ron Sommerville may have resigned and with this appointments, nothing has changed, but for the
  worse with no Native representation on BOG. WE are asking if the Regional CEO's can take a position in opposing the appointments. I will be
  bringing this issue up at the next AVI board and annual membership scheduled meeting next week. Rachel, please share with all the AVI board
  members.
  ----- Original Message ----

  Myron, I've been telling folks to write a letter to their Legislator, and request that they
  copy all 60 legislators.? They should also copy Governor Palin.? All the best, Nancy Barnes




  The following news article was written by Tim Mowry, contact no. below
  Note: The Governor's Appointments to be approved by a joint session later in the session.



  Gov. Sarah Palin appointed two new members to the state Board of Game on Wednesday,                             replacing the only
  Native
  ? representative on the seven-person board that establishes hunting and trapping regulations for Alaska.

  2



  ?Teresa Sager -Albaugh of Tok and Lew Bradley of Palmer were named to the board by Palin on Wednesday, which
  was the
  ?deadline for the governor to appoint new members to state boards and commissions.


  ?They replace Ron Somerville of Juneau, who resigned his position earlier this week after six years on the
  board,
  ?and Paul Johnson of Unlalkleet, who was not re-appointed to the board after serving an interim two-year term.
  ?Johnson had been the lone Native on the board.


  ?The governor also re-appointed Ted Spraker of Kenai to a third term on the board.



  ?It marks the first time since the Game Board was created in 1976 that there has been no
  Native representation on
  ? the board. It also marks the first time there has not been a representative on the board from Bush Alaska. The

  ?only member who doesn 't live on the road system is Ben Grussendorf of Sitka.


  ?Frank Bailey, director of state boards and commissions, said the governor considered several names that were
  ?forwarded to her by local advisory committees, including Native candidates, before deciding on Bradley and
  ?Sager-Albaugh.



  ?" We are confident that this board will govern in the best interest of all Alaskans ," said Bailey.


  ?Both Sager-Albaugh and Bradley are proponents of predator control to increase moose and caribou populations,
  one
  ?of the most controversial topics the game board has dealt with in recent years. The state has aerial wolf-
  control
  ?programs under way in five parts of rural Alaska to boost the number of ungulates for hunters.


  ?Sager-Albaugh, 44, was born and raised in Fairbanks before moving to the Tok/Mentasta area, where she has




                                                                                                                                   ROSTON 01502
      10/15/2009



Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
      lived
      ?the last 23 years. Her family has a strong background in hunting, fishing and trapping.



  ?Sager - Albaugh served as president of the Alaska Outdoor Council , the state's largest and most
  active sportsmen's group, from 2005-07 and is a former AOC board member. She also spent 13 years working as a
  legislative aide for
  ?various Interior legislators, including John Ringstad, Mike MIller and Steve Frank. She works for Summit
  ?Consulting Services Inc. in Tok.


  ?Though she didn't apply for a spot on the board, Sager-Albaugh said she was honored to get one.


  ?"It's the kind of thing a person doesn't have the opportunity to do often, if at all," she said.


  ?While she supports predator control and sustained-yield management of Alaska's wildlife, Sager-Albaugh said
  she
  ?intends "to be fair to all interests and user groups."



  ?"I don't feel like I represent any specific constituency," she said, adding that she has a good rapport with
  ?Natives in villages around Tok.


  ?Dick Bishop of Fairbanks ,   who replaced Sager-Albaugh as president of the AOC,    voiced support for her
  nomination.


  ?"She's objective, fair-minded and very conscientious," Bishop said.


  ?Bradley, 62, is a former gym teacher and coach at Wasilla Middle School, where ha worked for 26 years. He
  also
  ?coached wrestling, gymnastics and track and field at the school, where he was a physical education teacher
  from
  ?1975-99.


  ?An avid sheep hunter who applied for a seat on the board, Bradley echoed Sager-Albaugh's sentiments about
  managing
  ?Alaska's wildlife resources for abundance.


  ?"I'm a hunter, and I want there to be game for my grandkids and all Alaskans," he said, summing up his
  ?game-management philosophy.


  ?At the same time, Bradley said the state has to be careful not to boost populations so high that moose and
  caribou
  ?don't have enough to eat.


  ?Neither of Palin's appointments solicited a cheer from John Toppenberg, executive director of the Alaska
  Wildlife
  ?Alliance, which has campaigned for a more diverse board not made up solely of hunters.



  ?Both Bradley and Sager-Albaugh are hunters who favor predator control and Toppenberg doesn't expect either to
  ?stand up for the rights of other wildlife users, such as tourists, wildlife viewers and other non-consumptive
  ?users. Toppenberg and other game board critics have campaigned for years to add more diversity to the board.
  7



  ?"I see no change coming," he said. "There is no representation at all for non-consumptive users."


  ?Somerville, who resigned earlier this week, was likely to be replaced by Palin. The governor urged Somerville
  to
  ?resign a little more than a year ago after he made derogatory remarks about Natives during a meeting in
  October
  ?2006. Somerville apologized for the remarks but refused to resign.
  0
  a
  ?Palin' s appointments must be approved in a joint session of the Legislature ,     which typically doesn't occur
  until
  ?the end of the session , Bailey said.
  0
  7




                                                                                                   ROSTON 01503
  10/15/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
  ?Contact staff Writer Tim Mowry at 459-7587.




                                                           ROSTON 01504
  10/15/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
