Unknown

From :                    fek9wnr@yahoo.com
Sent :                    Wednesday, February 20, 2008 6:14 AM
To:                       Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
Subject :                 Fw: more .................Alaska threatens oil leases over plan




-----Original Message-----

From: Scott Heyworth <heyworth@gci.net>



Date: Wed, 20 Feb 2008 15:10:32

To:Scott R Heyworth <heyworth@gci.net>

Subject: more .................Alaska threatens oil leases over plan




In accordance with Title 17 U.S.C. Section 107, this material is distributed without profit to those who
have expressed a prior interest in receiving the included information for research and educational
purposes.



Alaska threatens oil leases over plan



February 21, 2008 - 8:35AM

from the AGE.com.au




Alaska could revoke leases for oil fields like Prudhoe Bay if top energy companies refuse to
participate in a government natural gas pipeline plan, Gov Sarah Palin told Reuters in an interview.

Exxon Mobil Corp, BP Plc and ConocoPhillips together control more than 35 trillion cubic feet of
known gas reserves on the Alaska North Slope.

But the companies declined to participate in a process backed by Palin to jump-start a long-delayed
gas pipeline, arguing they needed a long-term tax deal from the state first.

                                                             1                              ROSTON 01515




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
 Palin called the refusal "unconstitutional."

 "When the conditions of these leases are not met, especially after decades, it is time to open them
 up and allow other companies to come in here and compete for the right to tap the resources," the
 Republican governor told Reuters this week in an interview.

The companies have said they are interested in developing the reserves, with ConocoPhillips
studying a separate plan.

Palin's tough talk has the backing of many ordinary Alaskans who are suspicious of the influence of
the oil companies, as well as Democrats in the state legislature.

However, many members of her own party worry Palin's aggressive approach is alienating the
producers who will have to agree to long-term pipeline shipping deals if the $30 to $40 billion project
is to secure financing.

Declining oil output is putting increasing pressure on Alaska to get its gas reserves into production to
stave off a looming fiscal crisis.

Officials believe the state budget could fall into a significant deficit by 2012 even if oil prices remain
near current levels. The most optimistic scenarios for the gas pipeline put it in service by late 2018.

Alaska already moved to cancel the lease of the undeveloped North Slope gas and condensate field
at Point Thomson operated by ExxonMobil in December 2006 and Palin believes the cancellation
should act as a wake-up call to the majors.

"We are saying if you don't want to develop, if it is not economic according to your parameters, if
Alaska's gas reserves are going to compete with your other projects around the world, if you can't
abide by the provisions in the lease you signed up to 30 years ago, its time to let the lease go and
bring in some competition," Palin said.

State courts have backed Alaska's move to cancel the Point Thomson leases and a March 6
deadline has been set for Exxon and the state to work out a compromise.

Exxon announced late Tuesday a new $1.3 billion development plan for Point Thomson that would
see early condensate production begin by 2014, meeting a key state demand.

"Exxon Mobil remains committed to developing its North Slope gas resource and continues to
evaluate its options for pursuing an Alaska gas pipeline project," Exxon spokeswoman Margaret Ross
said on Wednesday.

ConocoPhillips and BP were not immediately available for comment.

The Alaska legislature passed new gas pipeline law in 2007 that called for competitive bids amid
public outrage over an attempt by the previous governor to reach a deal with the majors in closed
door talks.

Revelations over a widespread bribery scandal that implicated many prominent backers of the majors
in the state legislature, as well as the state's largest oil field services company, further inflamed public
sentiment.

                                                     2                                   ROSTON 01516




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
However, of the five groups that applied to build the pipeline under Palin's Alaska Gasline Incentive
Act (AGIA) only one applicant, Canadian pipeline operator TransCanada, was deemed to have met
the minimum requirements of the law.




                                                                                   ROSTON 01517




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
