 Unknown
 From :                  Bailey, Frank T (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                         GROUP/CN=RECI PIENTS/CN=FTBAILEY]
Sent :                   Wednesday, February 20, 2008 1:47 PM
To:                      fek9wnr@yahoo.com
Subject :                FW: AFN Financial Woes




-----Original Message-----

From: McBride, Rhonda (GOV)

Sent: Wednesday, February 20, 2008 1:37 PM

To: ExternalEmailgsp

Cc: Mason , Janice L (GOV); Mike Tibbles (michael . tibbles@alaska . gov); Nizich , Michael A (GOV);
Monegan , Walt C (DPS); Notti, Emil R (CED); Kim, Anna C (GOV); Kelly, Russell T (GOV); Perry,
Kristina Y (GOV); Bailey, Frank T (GOV)

Subject: AFN Financial Woes




AFN FINANCIAL WOES



The Alaska Federation of Natives will hold an important board meeting on Thursday, February 21st in
Anchorage at CIRI's offices on San Jeronimo Drive, across from the Anchorage Daily News. Start
time: 10:30am.



One issue that is sure to come up: AFN 's financial meltdown.



Rumors have been circulating for some time. But if you visit AFN's "C" street office, you'll see
confirmation -- lots of empty rooms on the third floor, a sign that AFN is now a smaller, leaner
operation.



Talked with George Irwin, Vice President of AFN last week. He is currently working without pay -- and
hopes to, go back on salary, in a different position, when some other funding comes in.
                                                     1
                                                                                   ROSTON 01522




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
Irwin says AFN has been downsized to about six people. He expects the staff to grow back to about
eight or nine workers, still a skeleton crew.

So what happened?



Irwin says moving the annual convention to Fairbanks last year proved costly -- and while in the midst
of planning it, AFN President Julie Kitka realized the convention would be followed by layoffs, to
cover the costs. It was a tough choice to make.



Also, AFN dues, paid by the regional Native Corporations, have not changed much over the years to
reflect the growing expenses.



AFN will ask Native Corporations to increase their dues. And while they may do so, it's not likely they
will bail out the organization completely.



AFN is definitely in a tight spot.



Irwin says Native Corporations are now feeling their might - enjoying unprecedented growth and
many don't feel that AFN is needed as it once was. He put it this way, "The children are turning their
parents out in the cold."



In talking with others who follow Native politics...



This financial crisis has precipitated a leadership tussle... a push to get longtime AFN President Julie
Kitka to step aside.

AFN under Kitka's leadership, has done a virtuoso job of forwarding the Native agenda. It remains to
be seen if she'll weather this.



Senator Albert Kookesh's office has been quiet about AFN's finances. Kookesh is co-chair of AFN,
along with Tim Towarak, who once held the Rural Advisor position in the Knowles administration.



                                                       2                        ROSTON 01523




 Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
We may know more about what direction AFN's leadership takes , after AFN' s board meeting
tomorrow (Thursday).



AFN has invited the Governor, Commissioner Emil Notti, Frank Bailey and me to attend - in person
or via teleconference.



So what's the administration's role in this?   Not much right now, except to recognize that AFN is
struggling, to stay tuned in and supportive.



For the state, a weakened AFN does not bode well.



Although AFN has sometimes clashed with the state on issues like subsistence , AFN, in its forty
years , has done much to bring about consensus in Rural Alaska and furthered many good causes.



The only other statewide Native organization, the Alaska Inter -Tribal Council, has not had AFN's
resources , nor its success . It has also had a more adversarial relationship with the state.



In recent years, AFN has been working hard with the state and federal government to promote
economic development in villages.

By bringing in the World Bank and the Alaska Marketplace Program, AFN has done some good
work. There is more awareness now about the basic financial infrastructure lacking in Rural Alaska.



As this administration attempts to strengthen public safety in Rural Alaska, combat sexual abuse,
promote healthy lifestyles, deal with climate change and lower the cost of energy, it will need many
partners, as well as AFN's expertise and support.



I will attempt to attend the AFN board meeting via telephone.



It would be great if Commissioner Emil Notti could be there in person. When Emil ran AFN in its
early days, he worked out of a small BIA office with a phone and typewriter. He would be a great
resource for AFN during this time of restructuring.

                                                   3                              ROSTON 01524




 Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
He knows the organization as an insider and as a founding father.




                                                 4                  ROSTON 01525




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
