  Unknown

   From :     Perry, Kristina Y (GOV) [kris.perry@alaska.gov]
   Sent:      Thursday, February 21, 2008 1:08 PM
   To:        ExternalEmailgsp; Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
   Cc:        Balash; Joseph R (GOV); Bailey; Frank T (GOV); 'fek9wnr@yahoo.com'; Kelly; Russell T (GOV)
  Subject : FW: What is Happening??
  FYI, from Halcro's website at the bottom of this email. Just wanted to give you a heads-up in case it is
  brought up today; didn't want anyone to get blindsided since Tina learned of this from Senator Green's
  office. Sharon is aware and between her and Tina, we'll take care of it.


  From: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)
  Sent: Thursday, February 21, 2008 12:55 PM
  To: Otto, Christina L (LAW); Austerman, Joseph M (CED); 'kccole@mtaonline.net'; Nix, Raymond G
  (DNR); Lefebvre, Richard A (DNR); Simons, Leta L (DNR)
  Cc: Barry, Elizabeth J (LAW); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)
  Subject : RE: What is Happening??

  Tina/All-

  This is really getting out-of-hand. Something needs to be done to call him on this. He should not be
  allowed to defame people with outright lies. If it's not corrected, then people that read it will not know
  otherwise. I'm copying Sharon Leighow in on this. Sharon, bet he didn't call you to verify information like
  you asked him too.

  And, as Kristan already answered the CC legal counsel is still working for the corporation.

  As usual his facts are all wrong. He got your name right and that was about it.

  Kris


  From : Otto, Christina L (LAW)
  Sent: Thursday, February 21, 2008 12:41 PM
  To: Austerman, Joseph M (CED); 'kccole@mtaonline.net'; Nix, Raymond G (DNR); Lefebvre, Richard A
  (DNR); Simons, Leta L (DNR); Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)
  Cc: Barry, Elizabeth J (LAW)
  Subject: What is Happening??

  I was quietly plugging away on trying to finish my outline regarding the dissolution
  process when Ginger from Senator Green's office called and told me to take a look at
  Halcro's Blog. This is what it says:

  FLASH: Assistant Attorney General quits due to activity at Mat Maid
 We received the following two emails less than thirty minutes apart this morning regarding a breaking
 situation with Governor Palin's Creamery Board.
 Received at 10:43am
 Just an FYI on the Mat Maid situation. Tina Otto, Assistant Attorney General who has been handling all the
 new Creamery Board affairs is resigning. She had been trying to keep the 5 Palin hand picked board
 members "coloring inside the lines" but is quitting because this bunch is running wild and doing things
 illegally. She does not want to get trapped by their wrongdoings after she has warned them that what they
 are doing is illegal. How many people fired or quitting will it take for this administration to realize her board
 is full of conflict of interest and law breaking? Is there no oversight at all?


 I think I still have a job. O Beyond that, I, of course, don't represent the Creamery
 Board. Did the CC board make a decision to find new counsel? I can't even imagine

                                                                                                          BOSTON 01528
  10/14/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
  what prompted this.




                                                           ROSTON 01529
 10/14/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
