  Unknown

   From :   Otto, Christina L (LAW) [tina.otto@alaska.gov]
  Sent :    Thursday, February 21, 2008 3:49 PM
  To:       Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Lefebvre; Richard A (DNR); Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); ExternalEmailgsp;
            'fek9wnr@yahoo.com'; 'Kristan@KristanCole.com'; Bailey; Frank T (GOV)
  Subject : RE: HOLY CRAP Retraction and apology
  Wow!! I noticed that it had been removed from the blog. Thank you for working on this!!

  ps Now I want to know who is sources are.


  From : Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)
  Sent: Thursday, February 21, 2008 3:47 PM
  To: Otto, Christina L (LAW); Lefebvre, Richard A (DNR); Perry, Kristina Y (GOV); ExternalEmailgsp;
  'fek9wnr@yahoo.com'; 'Kristan@KristanCole.com'; Bailey, Frank T (GOV)
  Subject : HOLY CRAP Retraction and apology




  From : Andrew Halcro [mailto:ahalcro@ptialaska.net]
  Sent: Thursday, February 21, 2008 3:44 PM
 To: Andrew Halcro
 Subject : Feb 21: Retraction and apology

 This afternoon we posted two different emails from sources associated with the dairy
 industry and Matanuska Maid who informed us that a State's Assistant District Attorney
 resigned over improper conduct with regards to the Creamery Board.
 We have since been told the attorney did not resign.
 Governor Palin's Deputy Press Secretary sent us this email at 1:33pm.
 "Tina Otto, Assistant Attorney General for the State of Alaska, has not resigned. The
 Creamery Corporation has its own private counsel who continues to represent the
 corporation."
 We sincerely apologize for printing these emails which were not correct.
 In the past we have been fairly liberal about publishing emails from our sources at
 Matanuska Maid because they have always been spot on.
 Regardless, we take full responsibility for the posting and assure our readers that in the
 future we will no longer publish raw emails on any subject.
 While there is a fine line on blogs between opinion and fact, we strive to make sure our
 readers clearly understand where that line is with every biog.
 We failed your trust today and we apologize.
 Andrew




                                                                                                  ROSTON 01531
 10/14/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
