Unknown

From :                   Bailey, Frank T (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                         GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=FTBAILEY]
Sent :                   Friday, February 22, 2008 3:46 PM
To:                      Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); 'fek9wnr@yahoo.com'
Subject :                RE: today


Cool. :-)



-----Original Message-----

From : Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

Sent: Friday, February 22 , 2008 1:42 PM

To: 'fek9wnr@ yahoo . com'; Bailey , Frank T (GOV)

Subject : FW: today



Mark will be there tomorrow too. Read his email below (regarding tomorrow's town hall).



Kris



-----Original Message-----

From: Kelsey , Mark D (GOV)

Sent: Friday , February 22 , 2008 1:36 PM

To: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

Subject: today



Hi Kris:



The salmon wrap event was fun, and everyone was glad to see us there. Just for fun, I sat next to
Lyda for lunch. We exchanged pleasantries. (I resisted noting another three-day weekend for the
Legislature in the middle of what is supposed to be a 90-day session.) Linda Jo Klapperich
mentioned her Champions for Children volunteer-recognition dinner in May and invitation to the
                                                   1
                                                                               ROSTON 01539




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
governor to attend. There was great interest from the food people in the governor attending their April
unveiling in Kenai. The woman said she had already been in touch with you and Janice about that.
The May event is also already on Janice's calendar.



I'll see you at the Lyda-Charlie thing tomorrow. Word on the street is that people who care will want to
witness the proceedings, as uncomfortable questions may be asked.



Mark



Mark D. Kelsey

Special Assistant to the Governor

Office of Gov. Sarah Palin

907.269.7450, Anchorage




                                                   2                              ROSTON 01540




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
