  Unknown

  From:        Bailey, Frank T (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
               GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=FTBAILEY]
  Sent :       Tuesday, March 04, 2008 8:42 AM
  To:          'fek9wnr@yahoo.com'
  Subject : FW: Support for AST Through Letter
  Here it is


 Sent : Monday, February 25, 2008 2:43 PM
 To: Bailey, Frank T (GOV)
 Subject : Fwd: Support for AST Through Letter

 Here is an email I got I had to share with you


 I am writing you this e-mail in the hope that you would be willing to support your Alaska State
 Troopers by writing a letter to the editor of Anchorage Daily News before March 1, 2008. I can
 share numerous facts with you that emphasized the shortcomings in terms of recruitment,
 retention and compensation that would surely surprise you. We want members of the public to
 weigh in only if they feel compelled to community their feelings to the Governor through the
 ADN forum. Below is a sample letter that I wrote and submitted. If you are interested in
 supporting the Troopers by submitting a letter or know of somebody who would be interested
 please pass this information on to them and ask them to reply to me so that I can send you/them
 the factiods to write an informed opinion of 225 words or less.


 GOVERNOR FAILING TO SUPPORT TROOPERS
 Governor Palin is failing the Alaska State Troopers. Her stated focus and support for public
 safety is nothing more than empty rhetoric. For the past 15 years, Trooper wages have not kept
 up with the pace of inflation and increased competition from other Alaska and the Lower 48
 police agencies for the same applicants has exploded nationwide. AST is losing new hires on a
 regular basis to other Alaska police agencies. Common sense says that increased competition
 and respectable compensation packages leaves AST in the dust. It's an embarrassment when
 AST is ranked a distant 5th in compensation among Alaska's finest and two decades behind in
 technology. This is State commitment for you! Why does a Trooper have to work 25% more to
 earn the same as their Alaska counterparts? Why is it that AST loses members regularly to other
 Alaska police agencies? How can the Governor say she supports the Troopers when the State
 forces a Trooper to move geographically with five years of employment, gives that Trooper a
 3.75% pay increase, then fails to recognize the cost of living in their new community is actually
 40% higher. This is nothing new. Loyal Troopers are going broke and some families are forced
 to separate. That's a -36.5% pay decrease Governor! The Governor is out of touch with her
 Troopers and it shows!




  "Work as if you have no money. Love as if you have never been hurt.


                                                                                        ROSTON 01570
  10/15/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
  Dance like no one is watching. Sing like no one is listening . And live
  everyday as if it were your last"



  Never miss a thing. Make Yahoo your home-page.




                                                                   ROSTON 01571
  10/15/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
