Unknown
From:                   Mason, Janice L (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                        GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=JLMASON]
Sent :                  Tuesday, March 04, 2008 6:03 PM
To:                     fek9wnr@yahoo.com
Subject:                FW: Another Juice Drink


Todd - Here is another Juice Drink. I do not know if you want a bottle sent. Thanks, Janice



-----Original Message-----

From: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

Sent: Wednesday, February 27, 2008 8:02 AM

To: viki_turner@yahoo.com

Subject: RE: General Administration



Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or information
you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is unable to respond to
each and every email herself, your message has been received and is being reviewed by the
appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your need, suggestion, or comment.



-----Original Message-----

From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov. state. ak.us]

Sent: Wednesday, February 27, 2008 12:06 AM

To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

Subject: General Administration



Web mail from: Ms. Viki Turner

address : P.O. Box 56242 North Pole AK 99705

907



MESSAGE:
                                                  1                             ROSTON 01580




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
Dear Governor Palin, I recently made a list of people I admire. You were at the top of the list. Your
never ending search for justice, what's right and new ways to enhance life in Alaska is awesome! I
know I can't even imagine the stress, pressures and strain your hectic schedule puts on you and your
family.

    Since I am a wellness coach, I am obligated to share with you information about the most
nutritious food on earth. It is a juice called Mona Vie, which is made from the Acai Berry (labeled the
21st century's superfood by the media), and 18 other fruits, all selected for their high antioxidant,
anti-inflammatory agents. It is my hope that you and your family will enjoy this delicious juice. It does
different good things for each person. For me, it has helped me think clearer, my sleep is sound and
restful and my stamina is higher. Please visit; http://mymonavie.com/awesomefood when you get a
chance. Click on the science tab.

 Thanks you for being the model governor I knew you would be. We are so blessed! This state has
been in need of your integrity for a long time.

Yours in Good Health,

Viki Turner

PS I would send you a bottle to try, but I am not sure what is proper with regard to that , please let me
know if that would be ok.



viki-turner@yahoo.com




                                                    Z                             ROSTON 01581




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
