 Unknown

 From :      frank bailey [ftb907@yahoo.com]
 Sent:       Wednesday, March 05, 2008 8:48 AM
 To:         Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Todd Palin
 Subject : Fwd: Fw: Alleluia! It Passed! (Indian health care bill update)
 fyi.... the Indian Health Care bill that the Senate was working on passed that phase. Lots of AFN
 leaders there in DC for this as well as the Exxon case.

 Mike Curtis <.. Re-d&Cr ed                 t> wrote:
                             ^^d4e^e
  From: "Mike Curtis" <'                      -^.net>
  To: "frank bailey" <ftb907@yahoo.com>
  Subject: Fw: Alleluia! It Passed! (Indian health care bill update)
  Date: Tue, 4 Mar 2008 22:30:31 -0900


  ----- Original Message ----
  From : Mike and Barbara Curtis
  To: Mike and Barbara Curtis
  Sent: Tuesday, March 04, 2008 10:16 PM
  Subject: Fw: Alleluia! It Passed! (Indian health care bill update)


  ---- Original Message
  From : Randy n Edie
  To: Mike and Barb Curtis ; Mike Davis
  Sent : Tuesday, February 26, 2008 11:46 AM
  Subject: Fwd: Alleluia! It Passed! (Indian health care bill update)




  Pastor Tom Schlueter <coordinato afxapn.org> wrote:

       From: "Pastor Tom Schlueter" <coordinator(a,txann.oru>
       To: "'Pastor Tom Schlueter"' <coordinator(l txapn.org>
       Subject: Alleluia! It Passed!
       Date: Tue, 26 Feb 2008 14:35:39 -0600

       Senate passes bill on Indian health care

       By MARY CLARE JALONICK
       Associated Press Writer

    WASHINGTON --

    American Indians would have better access to health care services, including
    screening and mental health programs, under legislation the Senate passed Tuesday.
    The bill, approved 83-10, would boost programs at the federally funded Indian Health
    Service, prompt new construction and modernization of health clinics on reservations,
    and attempt to recruit more Indians into health professions. It also would increase
    tribal access to Medicare and Medicaid.
    The legislation would authorize spending about $35 billion for Indian health care

                                                                                            ROSTON 01583
 10/14/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
    programs over the next 10 years. Senate Indian Affairs Committee Chairman Byron Dorgan, D-
    N.D., called it a first step in addressing a crisis in American Indian health care. The system is
    underfunded and inefficient, he said.
    American Indians suffer much higher death rates of most leading causes than the rest of the
    country. Alcoholism, drug use, diabetes, cardiovascular disease and suicide rates are
    especially high.
    Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, D-Nev., said American Indians have access "to some of the
    least adequate health care in America."
    "Far too many native children are diagnosed with diabetes, suffer from abuse and neglect, or
    die prematurely because of accidents or illness that could be prevented or cured," Reid said.
    Similar legislation cleared the House Natural Resources Committee and a House Energy and
    Commerce subcommittee last year. It still must be approved by the full Energy panel and the
    House Ways and Means Committee before it heads to the House floor.
    The Senate bill also contains a resolution sponsored by Sen. Sam Brownback, R-Kan., that
    formally apologizes to American Indians for centuries of government mistreatment. The
    resolution acknowledges a long history of government misconduct against Indians,
    including forced relocation from tribal lands, theft of tribal assets and the breaking of
    treaties and covenants.
    Earlier this month, the Senate adopted an amendment removing some sections of the bill that
    faced strong objections from the Bush administration. The White House issued a veto threat in
    January, objecting to expanded labor provisions in the legislation.
    Some say the bill doesn't go far enough.
    Oklahoma Sen. Tom Coburn, a Republican and a doctor, called for a much broader overhaul of
    the system and labeled the legislation "morally bankrupt." He argued that the money may not
    be there for new programs, saying the bill is like "taking out a new loan on a car when you
    can't afford food for your family."
    Coburn offered an amendment that would have given American Indians more latitude in
    choosing clinics. That amendment was rejected, 67-28.
    "Why are we putting off fixing the system?" he asked. "So we could tell everyone that we did
    something when in fact we did nothing."
    The Senate amended the bill to exclude most abortions at Indian health clinics and prohibit
    spending on programs that discourage gun ownership.

    Pastor Tom Schlueter
    Prince of Peace Church (www.pophop.org)
    Texas USGAPN Apostolic Coordinator (www.txapn.org)
    Trinity Apostolic Prayer Network (www.trinityapn.org)
    Prince of Peace E-Mail: pastortom@pophop.org
    TXAPN E-Mail: coordinator@txapn.org

    You were sent this email as a subscriber to the Prince of Peace, TXAPN or Trinity APN E-List. Click HERE to unsubscribe (or
    subscribe under a different email address).




  No virus found in this incoming message.
  Checked by AVG Free Edition.
  Version: 7.5.516 / Virus'Database: 269.21.4/1310 - Release Date: 3/4/2008 8:35 AM




                                                                                                                        ROSTON 01584

  10/14/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
