Unknown
From :                  Mason, Janice L (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                        GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=JLMASON]
Sent :                  Thursday, March 06, 2008 3:39 PM
To:                     fek9wnr@yahoo.com
Subject:                FW: Seniors - Congrats




-----Original Message-----

From: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

Sent: Thursday, March 06, 2008 12:23 PM

To: jhebdentaylor@yahoo.com

Subject: RE: Seniors



Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or information
you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is unable to respond to
each and every email herself, your message has been received and is being reviewed by the
appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your need, suggestion, or comment.




-----Original Message-----

From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state. ak.us]

Sent: Thursday, March 06, 2008 11:19 AM

To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

Subject: Seniors



Web mail from: Jennifer Taylor

address : P 0 BOx 424 Craig AK 99921

907 826 3066


                                                  1                             ROSTON 01617




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
MESSAGE:

Dear Governor Palin,



  Wishing you and your family the best in welcoming your new baby. The solid example you set all
Alaskans of nurturing parenting and your honest compassion for children has made a lasting
impression on me. I was so proud of you the day you dropped in to substitute teach in the same
classroom I had subbed in when you had the flight delay in Ketchikan. I was cheering for you the
entire time you stuck by your kids in keeping them in their home school district, and for your tender
support of your son when he joined the military.



  You are by far the best Alaskan Governor in my time as an Alaskan; In no small part because you
give us the best example of dedication to children and the future.



Congratulations!



Jennifer Taylor



jhebdentaylor@yahoo.com




                                                   2                               ROSTON 01618




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
