Unknown
From :                   Mason, Janice L (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                         GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=JLMASON]
Sent :                   Friday, March 07, 2008 10:32 AM
To:                      fek9wnr@yahoo.com
Subject :                FW: Congratulations




-----Original Message-----

From: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

Sent: Thursday, March 06, 2008 8:59 AM

To: mojoe@alaska.net

Subject: RE: Congratulations



Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or information
you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is unable to respond to
each and every email herself, your message has been received and is being reviewed by the
appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your need, suggestion, or comment.




-----Original Message-----

From: mojoe@alaska.net [mailto:mojoe@alaska.net]

Sent: Wednesday, March 05, 2008 9:07 PM

To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

Subject: Congratulations



Congratulations!! My little granddaughter was born last May on the 30th. And she

is a blessing each and every day. She is what keeps me going and not thinking

about my cancer.



                                                   1                             ROSTON 01645




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
Thank you also for taking a picture with her and my other daughter at Walmart in

Wasilla when you were there for the grand opening. It is one of the many I have of

Hope.




And again-----as I stated in the Frontiersman---I am so pleased to have you

representing my family. I finally feel the state is in good hands that aren't

greedy. You have a tough job and I hope you get to take some time to enjoy your

new addition.



Debbie Linn




                                                     2                             ROSTON 01646




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
