Unknown
From :                  Mason, Janice L (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                        GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=JLMASON]
Sent :                  Friday, March 07, 2008 10:33 AM
To:                     fek9wnr@yahoo.com
Subject :               FW: congrats




-----Original Message-----

From: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

Sent: Thursday, March 06, 2008 9:04 AM

To: timo.johnson@yahoo.com

Subject: RE: Other



Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or information
you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is unable to respond to
each and every email herself, your message has been received and is being reviewed by the
appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your need, suggestion, or comment.




-----Original Message-----

From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

Sent: Wednesday, March 05, 2008 8:25 PM

To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

Subject: Other



Web mail from : Mr. Timo Johnson

address : PO BOX 246 Barksdale AFB LA 71110

318/ 210-4498


                                                  1                             ROSTON 01651




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
MESSAGE:

Sarah ... oops Governor,



CONGRATULATIONS!



I am so happy for you and Todd, May is a month when some of the greatest people you know were
born . For example I was born on May 15.



You would laugh if you saw my face as I wrote that one.



After nearly a year Karen and I are far from settled in. These are TEMPORARY digs for certain and
we thank the USAF for making us appreciate that Alaska is truly the Great Land, and not simply for
size.



If it is a boy, feel free to consider Timo. You did tell me once what a great name it was ... and you
weren't running for anything at the time. Insert Big Dumb Grin here.



Somebody should really teach Rush Limbaugh to pronounce your name, I shouldn't laugh that hard
while driving.



All the best to all of you, and say hi to Ivy for me, I wish I could tell you this in person.



You are all in my prayers,



Timo Johnson



Alaskan in Exile




                                                       2                                ROSTON 01652




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
timo.johnson@yahoo.com




                                     3                       ROSTON 01653




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
