Unknown

From :                   Mason, Janice L (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                         GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=JLMASON]
Sent :                   Friday, March 07, 2008 10:43 AM
To:                      fek9wnr@yahoo.com
Subject :                FW: Congrats




-----Original Message-----

From: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

Sent: Friday, March 07, 2008 10:03 AM

To: shansen@chilkoot-nsn.gov

Subject: RE: General-Ad ministration



Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or information
you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is unable to respond to
each and every email herself, your message has been received and is being reviewed by the
appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your need, suggestion, or comment.




-----Original Message-----

From: WebMail@gov. state . ak.us [mailto :WebMail@gov .state . ak.us]

Sent: Friday, March 07, 2008 10:20 AM

To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

Subject: General Administration



Web mail from: Scott Hansen

address: P.O. Box 1138 Haines AK 99827




                                                   1                               ROSTON 01666




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
MESSAGE:

Governor Palin -



In watching the last several months' state, national, economic, and social events I and my family want
to express admiration for your approach to government. I, who have worked in local government for
the last eight years, would typically not encourage a wife and mother to contend on the political
battlefield, but I must confess that you have beaten my personal expectations that a man should be
the first choice for the position of state governor. I step back in my expectations and offer even more
support for your leadership than before. Your political posture, in view of the very Christian worldview
you hold, is evidence to me that you have divine support in the area of public administration.



I and my wife have seven children - a cozy family - and we often feel like our leaders pass by long-
term virtue for short-term, questionable political gain. We believe our Judeo-Christian foundation has
been the solidity from which our freedoms have continued over the years, but so much compromise
we see from leadership is very disappointing. However, we see a difference in you.



We appreciate so many of your stances on social, economic, and domestic issues. You have been
willing to walk with graciousness and excellence - in a good, honest, and valuable way. You are an
example to which we can point our children as we teach them at home.



In the time of weakness that comes with childbirth we want you to know that you're supported by like-
sized families with a similar outlook on life, and as we pray nightly we'll include you and the burdens
you bear.



Thank you for good leadership.



shansen@chilkoot-nsn.gov




                                                    2                             ROSTON 011667




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
