Unknown

From :                  Mason, Janice L (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                        GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=JLMASON]
Sent :                  Friday, March 07, 2008 11:11 AM
To:                     fek9wnr@yahoo.com
Subject :               FW: Congrats




-----Original Message-----

From: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

Sent: Friday, March 07, 2008 9:51 AM

To: kaynoble@starband.net

Subject: RE: Other



Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or information
you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is unable to respond to
each and every email herself, your message has been received and is being reviewed by the
appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your need, suggestion, or comment.




-----Original Message-----

From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov. state.ak.us]

Sent: Friday, March 07,,2008 7:55 AM

To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

Subject: Other



Web mail from : Ms. Kay Noble

address : HC 33 Box 30600 Nenana AK 99760

9073225582


                                                  1                             ROSTON 01672




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
MESSAGE:

Dear Sarah and Family,

Congratulations on your baby!! What a wonderful gift a precious new Alaskan is. Our baby is turning
18 this month and my husband and I were just thinking of what a blessing children are. They are the
ones who will tell our stories. You have chosen such wonderful names for you kiddos and my hubby
and I were wondering if you had already picked out a name for the new one? Do you know if you're
having a boy or a girl yet? How exciting for all of us to have a first baby on the way! Sarah you are
such a wonderful Governor! We are so proud of you and to think you've done all you have lately and
have been carrying a baby too! You are amazing. We are sending a name for baby in case you
haven't picked one out.

Boy-Tolvin- dir from Tolovana River

Girl-Denali



Warmest Regards,

Kay Noble- Nenana




kaynoble@starband.net




                                                  2                               ROSTON 01673




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
