Unknown
From :                  Mason , Janice L (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                        GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=JLMASON]
Sent :                  Friday, March 07, 2008 11:15 AM
To:                     fek9wnr@yahoo.com
Subject:                FW:Congrats




-----Original Message-----

From: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

Sent: Friday, March 07, 2008 9:40 AM

To: Woolery, April M (DNR)

Subject: RE: Other



Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or information
you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is unable to respond to
each and every email herself, your message has been received and is being reviewed by the
appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your need, suggestion, or comment.




-----Original Message-----

From : WebMail@gov . state . ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov . state . ak.us]

Sent: Thursday, March 06 , 2008 3:29 PM

To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

Subject: Other



Web mail from: Ms. April Woolery

address: PO Box 83581 Fairbanks AK 99708




                                                                                 ROSTON 01674




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
MESSAGE:

Why isn't there a topic for "fan mail"? :)



Congratulations on your baby-to-be! My family and I are really excited for you and wish you and your
family all the best. I recently endured the sorrow of a miscarriage, and I thank God every day for the
two healthy children I have. I love them all the more for the sake of the little one I lost. I had thought
to give up on trying to have another baby, but you have reminded me that it is better to just go on and
live your life without fear of "what-ifs".



My whole family (mostly Alaskans) are so proud of you and Todd and the great example that you set,
both in your political and private life. Whhen we travel outside, we are always talking about how
proud we are of our governonr, and what great, down-to-earth people you and Todd are. Alaska is
lucky to have you as our Governonr.



-April Woolery



april.woolery@ alaska.gov




                                                     2                                  ROSTON 01675




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
