Unknown
From :                   Perry, Kristina Y (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                         GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=KYPERRY]
Sent:                    Tuesday, March 11, 2008 5:07 PM
To:                      Kelsey; Mark D (GOV)
Cc:                      'fek9wnr@yahoo.com'
Subject :                Re: lyda, etc


I didn't get my email off to you first before you talked to Bill and as I mentioned to you that I would; I
too have talked w/Denise several times and also Ginger and Lyda. So no further action is needed
until we can talk. Thanks.



----- Original Message -----

From: Kelsey, Mark D (GOV)

To: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

Cc: fek9wnr@yahoo.com <fek9wnr@yahoo.com>

Sent: Tue Mar 11 16:51:48 2008

Subject: lyda, etc



Kris and Todd:



I talked to Bill M. (off the record). He told me that Lyda told him Denise Christopher gave her the
news about the "no-veto pledge" from Kris and me. I think it's safe to assume that Denise did not. I'm
certainty comfortable trusting her from the conversations I've had with her about it. I asked Bill why he
didn't call Denise, and he said he didn't want to put her in the middle of the situation. But he also said
he'd be happy to talk to her about it if she wanted to call him. Otherwise, he figured he'd let it drop.



I told Denise that, and she said she was awaiting a callback from Lyda before deciding what to do
next. But she did say she got to talk to Ginger and Ginger assured Denise that she did not say
anything to Lyda about a no-veto pledge.



It's pretty easy to see in which direction all the fingers are pointing. But I suppose there's enough
room for doubt and the possibility that it's all just a big old misunderstanding.



                                                     1                             ROSTON 41697




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
At any rate, rather than trying to do an end-around here , I think a direct confrontation is the best bet
to nip this thing now. Would it be appropriate for someone like Tibbles or Russ Kelly to ask
Lyda/Ginger about it directly and then clarify for them where we stand?



Mark



Mark D. Kelsey

Special Assistant to the Governor

Office of Gov. Sarah Palin

907.269.7450, Anchorage




                                                    2                               ROSTON 01698




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
