Unknown

From :                  Mason, Janice L (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                        GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=JLMASON]
Sent :                  Monday, March 24, 2008 10:18 AM
To:                     Todd Palin
Subject :               FW: Congrats, Etc.




-----Original Message-----

From: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

Sent: Monday, March 24, 2008 9:53 AM

To: thephonedude@hotmail.com

Subject: RE: Other



Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or information
you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is unable to respond to
each and every email herself, your message has been received and is being reviewed by the
appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your need, suggestion, or comment.




-----Original Message-----

From: WebMail@gov. state . ak.us [mai[to :WebMail@gov. state. ak.us]

Sent: Saturday, March 22, 2008 7:20 AM

To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

Subject: Other



Web mail from: Kevin schweisthal

address: P.O. Box 58436 Fairbanks AK 99711




                                                  1                             ROSTON 01751




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
MESSAGE:

Governor,



I just want to say keep up the good work!



Buy the way congratulations on your pregnancy.



Governor, I like the way your decisions are level headed not based on the party line.

If the decisions are yours great, if it is your advisers keep them around.



I like your attitude about your husband Todd.

If he wants to work let him and if he want to go in the Iron Dog let him after all we are in Alaska. I
hope Todd is doing better with the arm.

The way I see it with Todd working for BP if it influenced any of your decision it would be more for the
negative or at least not influenced by the white wash of their public relations.



The only negative thought I had about you was that you were not in the military, but your son took
care of that for you.

With your son in the military you will get the military experience through him.

If he is like everyone else he will keep you informed on what is going on in the military.




My wife and I are agreeing with the decisions you have made so far.

We like that you just use common sense in what you do.



Keep up the good work.




                                                     2                               ROSTON 01752




 Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
Regards,




Kevin B. Schweisthal




thephonedude@hotmail.com




                                    3
                                                           ROSTON 01753




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
