Unknown
From :                  Mason, Janice L (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                        GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=JLMASON]
Sent :                  Monday, March 24, 2008 1:02 PM
To:                     Todd Palin
Subject :               FW: Congrats




-----Original Message-----

From: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

Sent: Monday , March 24, 2008 12:57 PM

To: sniffles@mtaonline.net

Subject : RE: Other



Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or information
you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is unable to respond to
each and every email herself, your message has been received and is being reviewed by the
appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your need, suggestion, or comment.




-----Original Message-----

From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

Sent: Monday, March 24, 2008 8:12 AM

To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

Subject: Other



Web mail from: Ms. Betty Carrington

address: 600 w edlund rd wasilla AK 99654

376-9549


                                                  1                              ROSTON 01754




 Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
MESSAGE:

 I would like to put my two cents worth in and say that I (we) am proud of you and hope that you
choose to stay our Governor and help build the Gas pipeline and other key projects. I believe that
you belong in Washington at a later date, and would work for and support you getting there, However
I feel that you are needed here in Alaska at this point, and a second term. You have such pride in
Alaska and bring so much to the table that is needed in today's cloudy polical world. Your sponk and
knowledge can and will help Alaska and Alaska's people for years to come. All you have to do is take
a good look at Wasilla today, and know that you can do the same for Alaska. When you were mayor,
I talked to you about running for Governor and hoped that you would, knowing that you had so much
to offer Alaska. I encourage you to run for a Washington job, but after you take Alaska to a point that
you can better help from Washington. Congrats on Baby and take time to take care of yourself. Betty
Carr

ington



sniffles@mtaonline.net




                                                   2                            ROSTON 01755




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
