Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                       Page 1 of I


                Unknown
                 From:    Sarah Palin [gov .sarah@yahoo.com)
                 Sent:     Monday , January 28, 2008 10:52 AM
                 To:      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
                 Cc:      Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Buck; Hannah K (GOV)
                 Subject: Re: Phone Call
                i will try to find a few minutes to call him after a couple of speeches, etc today... or tomorrow...
                or whenever i can thanks

                "Mason, Janice L (GOP) " <Janlce.mason@alaslu gov> wrote:

                  Governor - FYI (Phone Call).           Kris is going to follow up on this one.
                  Thanks , Janice

                  From: Buck, Hannah K (GOV)
                  Sent; Monday, January 28, 2008 10:21 AM
                  To: Mason, Janice L (GOV); Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)
                  Subject: Phone message for Gov re: Ron Paul's Presidential Campaign
                  (contact: Christian Piccolo)
                  Importance: High

                 Janice / Kris - Last Friday afternoon, I received a phone call from
                 Christian Piccolo who would love to speak to the Governor if she would
                 like to hear about Ron Paul's presidential campaign. Since Governor
                 Palin had minimum support for the Republican Party during her
                 campaigning, he believes that she would be a great supporter for Ron
                 Paul as he is facing similar issues running for president. He stated
                 that 5 minutes is all the time he would need and he would inform the
                 Governor of who is Ron Paul."

                 Following are some of the goals/visions of Ron Paul that Christian
                 stated off hand:

                 He wants to...

                                   bring ALL troops home (globally)
                                   reduce the size of the Federal Government
                                   eliminate the Department of Education
                                   eliminate homeland security
                                   eliminate illegal immigration
                                   give back to American's ;4 of what they make (re: income
                 taxes)

                 I believe that Christian is part of Ron Paul's campaign committee and
                 he said that he will gladly speak with anyone at any time and any day.
                 His cell phone number is (608) 728-2341 and he has a website for more
                 information which is www.ronpaulchat.net
                 <http://www.ronpaulchat.net/> .

                 I personally don't know if Governor Palin would choose to support Ron
                 Paul, but she may be willing to listen to what he has to say.
                 Christian would be greatly appreciated if anyone would call - just to
                 receive 5 more minutes of information. Do either of you have any
                 suggestions on how to handle this? Would she call him?

                 Let me know if I can do anything else with this. Thanks! Hannah




                10/29/2009


                                                                                                                       PRA_GSP01_0010909
