Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                 Page 1 of I



               Unknown
                From :    John Katz [jwkatz@ALASKADC.org]
                Sent:     Wednesday, February 20, 2008 12:03 PM
                To:       Governor Sarah Palin
                Cc:       Annette E (DOA) Kreitzer; Beth C (GOV) Leschper; Michael Tibbles; Mike Nizich ; Janice Mason; kds_perry@gov.state.ak.us
                Subject: NGA Winter Meeting

              Among the several issues that will be considered during the NGA winter meeting,
              Governor Pawlenty's Clean Energy Initiative and Real ID will receive particular
              attention in Governors' Only Meetings and otherwise.

              Accordingly, I have attached one pagers prepared by the DC staff on each issue.
              Also attached is a letter from NGA to members of the Senate concerning the
              Maintenance of Effort requirement in the pending higher education legislation. This
              issue may receive some attention as well.

              The MOE requirement, which is opposed by most Governors, appears in the House
              version of the Higher Education bill but not in the Senate counterpart. So, the
              requirement will be debated in an upcoming conference committee.

              Sam Bishop will be present to assist you with respect to the Clean Energy Initiative
              and during the meeting of NGA's Resources Committee. Allison Nyhoim will be
              generally present, as she was last year, to provide support on health, education, and
              social service issues.

              Regarding your meeting with Secretary Kempthorne, there are few Alaska issues
              pending with the Secretary, according to our own review and discussions with
              members of the Resources Cabinet. The polar bear issue is the principal exception.

              At our last check,the ESA decision was still being hotly debated within the Bush
              administration. A decision could come at any time. As you know, the State has
              provided substantial input on the administrative record, and there is nothing more
              we can think to do at the moment.

              I can be reached over the weekend at 202 .471.4468 (home) or 202. Privileged o (cell) in
              the event that I can provide assistance or if you would like to get together.

              Welcome to DC.




              8/25/2009

                                                                                                                   PRA_GSPO1_0012355
