Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
           From :                    gov.sarah @yahoo.com
           Sent:                     Monday, March 10, 2008 11:44 AM
           To:                       Frank Bailey; Rehfeld ; Karen J (GOV)
           Cc:                       Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
           Subject:                  Re: Lyda


           My understanding is some of those projects were already funded, either by state or other
           funds, since that time of my '07 vetoes.

           Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



            -----Original Message-----

           From :   frank bailey <ftb907@yahoo.com>



           Date: Mon, 10 Mar 2008 12:40:08

           To:Karen Rehfeld <karen.rehfeld@alaska.gov>

           Cc: gov.sarah@yahoo.com, Kris Perry <kris.perry@alaska.gov>

           Subject: Re: Lyda




           Hi Karen,



           Do you have a quick list of the cut items that they're trying to force back into the
           capital budget. . .or can you point me towards a list I can get before lpm?



           F




           gov.sarah@yahoo.com wrote: The only capital project I'm verbally, solidly committed to has
           been the Binkley/Menard Curry Ridge rd project- it's in the bond pkg.

           Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



           -----Original Message-----

           From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com



           Date: Mon, 10 Mar 2008 19:10:51

           To:"Kris Perry"

           Cc:"Frank Bailey" "Mike Tibbles" "Russ Kelly" "Ivy Frye" "Sharon Leighow"
                                                                    1




                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0013223
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Subject; Lyda




           Harris just did a press conf where he repeated Lyda's disingenous comments from last week
           re: my " promise to NOT veto projects "... supposedly I traveled the state , visiting vetoed
           projects , and according to Lyda I "got educated and promised not to veto the projects if
           they got back in the ( supplemental ) budget ". I totally disagree with Senate and House
           leaders repeating Lyda's claim.



           When we asked , Lyda listed Valley Recycling project visit and committment (yet I have not
           visited the center and did not know the gal Lyda said I promised); Mat-Su Miners baseball
           field (Kris was with me - I threw out the first pitch, did not "tour" anything and made no
           promises of no veto); and Lyda couldnt recall what other projects, but claims there must
           be many.



           Russ believed another project being touted as veto - proof , via my promise , came after
           touring the Anchorage port - again Kris was with me - no promise was made except to say I
           wanted to put it in a bond pkg so voters could confirm that project as a state priority.



           Can you think of anything else that she and Harris could be misconstruing as my " visits
           and promises to NOT veto "... I know she ' s wrong but we must now spend valuable time
           proving her wrong . Thanks.

           Sent from my BlackBerry ® device from Cellular One




                                                         2



                                                                                                                     1.
                                                                                                     PRA GSP01 _0013224
