Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                       Page 1 of 1



                Unknown

                 From :         Morgan , Katryn L (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=KLMORGAN]
                 Sent:          Tuesday, May 20, 2008 1:12 PM
                 To:            'gov.sarah@yahoo.com'
                 Cc:            Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Hughes; Rosanne D (GOV)
                 Subject:       Tomorrow's Bill Signing and ASMI Welcome
                 Importance: High

               Hi Governor,

               I've completed your briefing booklets for your two events tomorrow and will make sure they to you - I'm going
               home early due to a massive allergy attack® A few things you should know about tomorrow's events:

                 1. Because the bill signing is taking place at Hotel Captain Cook, I did not include a map. You need only to
                      come in the 4a' Avenue entrance, and Bob will take care of your car. I will be staffing you for this event.
                 2. Rep. Nancy Dahlstrom and Sen. Hollis French will be at the bill signing. Dahlstrom sponsored the bill in
                      the House, and French carried it through the Senate.
                 3. Your 12:10 event - the Alaska Seafood Media Institute Welcome - will be very informal. You will
                       participate via videoconference, and participants include: Chef AL-ton Brown; food editor, Kristine Kidd;
                      and Commissioner Denby Lloyd, along with three staff.
                 4. I've provided remarks for you in both speech form and in bullets, for your convenience.
                 5. Chef Alton Brown's first name is pronounced AL - ton. Strong emphasis on AL.

               Please do not hesitate to email or call if you have any questions. Thanks so much!

               Kate Morgan
               Communications Coordinator
               Office of the Governor
               (907) 269-7450




               8/24/2009

                                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0018055
