  Unknown

  From :    Scott Heyworth [heyworth@gci.net]
  Sent:      Monday, April 09, 2007 9:51 PM
  To:        Todd Palin
  Subject : My Testimony before US Energy Committee......10/02/01




        Proposals for an Alaskan pipeline.
        Tuesday, October 2, 2001

        Mr. Scott Heyworth


        Good Morning Senators:

        I wish to thank Senators Bingaman and Murkowski for inviting me to testify.

        My name is Scott Heyworth. I was born in Alaska and am currently serving as a
        Public Safety Commissioner for the Municipality of Anchorage under our Mayor
        George Wuerch, and a former Port Commissioner under then Mayor Tony Knowles.
        I am also the Chair of the Citizens Initiative for the All-Alaskan, All-American
        Gasline, which is the subject of my testimony here today.

        I have been a member of the Anchorage Independent Longshore Union for 28
        years. All of my fellow union brothers and sisters mourn the losses of our fellow
        union Policeman and Firefighters, along with Military and Civilian casualties and
        strongly support the work of the construction crews, fire, medical, police, and rescue
        volunteers. As do all Alaskans.

        Ladies and Gentleman of the Committee:

        We can have our corporate boardrooms, our economic forecasts about the various
        gas pipeline scenarios, our hearings, our jurisdictions, our political parties. Yet we
        also need to look at our rock bottom principles of Democracy, which brought forth
        this great Country, this Capital and this very room at this precise moment. One of
        those principles our forefathers fought and died for is the right of citizens to petition
        their government.

        The Alaska State Constitution, Section 6 , Declaration of Rights, reads as follows:

        "The right of the people peaceably to assemble , and to petition the government shall
        never be abridged".

        Giving oil companies Federal incentives , tax breaks , tax credits , and special interest
        considerations are not the answer to the United States ' energy problems . Changing
        the ANGTA treaty is just one of the myriad problems . It is not an answer.

        The answer is to build the one project you have heard so little about today, the All-

                                                                                         ROSTON 00133
  10/14/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
    American LNG route to Valdez paralleling the Trans-Alaska Pipeline System, which
    this committee has the jurisdiction over. Which would you rather have control of? A
    3,000 mile gas pipeline in a Foreign Country, Canada, or two parallel 800 mile
    pipelines going down the exact same corridor in the United States of America? Isn't
    this simple, defensible, and in the best interests of all Americans?

    Alaska's State Constitution, Article 8, Section 2, gives Alaskans a say in the
    commercialization of their State's natural resources. And Alaskans are strongly
    saying they want their Natural Gas to be commercialized in their state and therefore
    in America, not Canada. In March, May, and June of this year I commissioned three
    polls and they all show that the majority of Alaskans support the All-American route
    to Valdez by over a two to one margin. Our largest city alone, Anchorage is in favor
    of the All-American route by a 65% per cent margin.

    Alaska's Lt. Governor, Fran Ulmer, recently certified our Citizens Initiative Petition.
    This allowed us to begin gathering signatures to place the initiative on the Nov. 6,
    2002 ballot. The Petition to have the State of Alaska build and secure financing for
    this All-American project is now circulating statewide. In the first 18 days since
    certification we have collected over 25% of the necessary signatures. The citizens of
    Alaska are signing it in record numbers. The response can only be deemed
    phenomenal. Alaskans have this issue patriotically figured out, despite being
    distracted with concerns over the threat of terrorism this country is now facing.
    Building a gas pipeline in America, not Canada, is their choice.

    They support the one project that is already permitted , already engineered, is
    environmentally sound , and has signed project labor agreements with most Alaska
    Unions . It brings the most jobs to Americans , provides most revenues to our State
    treasury , provides in -state gas use of our own resource (something any Canadian
    route does not do ) and provides gas to our own U.S West Coast cities where the
    real energy shortages are. El Paso Natural Gas has proposed 5 LNG receiving
    terminals on the West Coast, which could receive Alaskan LNG. There are no gas
    shortages in the mid -west or Chicago . Cheaper Canadian and domestic gas is
    closer to that area than any 3,900 mile gas pipeline from Alaska.

    These are extraordinary times and it takes extraordinary vision to see past ancient
    political myths. It is time to reevaluate oil industry special interest legislation, sever
    our dependence on Mid-East natural resources, and protect America's Natural Oil &
    Natural Gas Reserves on the North Slope. We cannot build this gas pipeline through
    Canada just because it is economically beneficial for the Oil Companies.

    We need to put America's energy interests first. Unlike the Governors' or the
    Producers' proposed legislation, the Citizens Initiative, which establishes a State
    Gas Authority, does not need any Federal legislation to build this All-American
    project because it will be a publicly owned entity.

    Finally Senators, if anyone is advocating to open ANWR to lessen our dependence
    on Foreign and Mid-East oil & gas supplies , then I am sure , using the same logic,
    they would advocate to build the All-American gas line to Valdez to avoid going
    through a foreign country for security reasons . I believe Americans , today,
                                                                                      ROSTON 00134
  10/14/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
     understand this very simple concept.

     THANK YOU




                                                            ROSTON 00135
  10/14/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
