Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                               Page 1 of 2


              Unknown

              From: Frye, Ivy J (GOV) [ivy.frye@alaska.gov]
              Sent: Tuesday, June 26, 2007 7:58 AM
              To:   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
              Subject: (no subject)
              Palin's simply doing the right thing
              DAN FAGAN
              Comment
             (Published: June 24, 2007)
             Tony Soprano has nothing on Sarah Palin. A small town hockey mom with the clout of a
              mob boss. She has the business community nervous, oil companies shaking in their oily
              boots, politicians terrified.
              Have you ever seen anything like it? I haven't.
              Let's do a body count. Randy Ruedrich, Gregg Renkes, Jim Clark, Frank Murkowski, John
              Binkley, The Republican Machine, Andrew Halcro, Tony Knowles, Paul Jenkins, Bill Allen,
              Voice of the Times, Exxon, BP, Conoco Phillips and, yes, now the Alaska Board of Agriculture
             and The Alaska Creamery Board. She whacked them all and didn't suffer a scratch.
              Barracuda Palin can have you swimming with the fishes, never to be heard from again.
              Lisa Murkowski is U.S. senator today because Palin decided not to run against her. But she
              may still. Lisa, Don and, yes, even Ted, you better hope she feels at home at the mansion.
              Can you imagine running against her? What do you say, "I am the anti-truth-and-
             transparency candidate"?
              Every time someone challenges this woman something bad happens to them. She slays her
             foes like the Israelites struck down enemies in the Old Testament. I'm not saying divine
              intervention is in play, but if you believe in that kind of thing, this would be close.
             What is it about Sarah Palin? While she's whacking people left and right she also charms the
              public and the media. She has more juice than any Alaska politician in recent memory.
              How does she do it? Does she have ice flowing through her veins? Is she really that tough,
             that savvy? Is she calculating, cold blooded, vindictive?
             No, the complete opposite. She has a heart of gold.
             I met Palin several years ago as a reporter for Channel 2. Typically when you meet
             politicians as a reporter they rarely acknowledge your photographer. Not so with Palin. I
             was the one on TV who would interpret her views in front of tens of thousands of people
             that night. But she focused on my photographer. She was extra friendly to him. I had never
             seen a politician operate that way. But Palin is not like most politicians.
             Her appeal does not come from being nice and personable. Bill Clinton is charming but you
             wouldn't trust him with your teenage daughter. There is so much more to Palin than charm.
             She's a good person. We all have faults and I am sure the governor does too. But some
             folks just have a strong sense of what's right and wrong. Their conscience is stronger than
             the temptation to take short cuts.
             Palin is obsessed with integrity. Through the years my conversations with her almost always
             centered on the same theme, doing the right thing. Palin is an ideologue and yet practical.
             She picks her battles and the ones she picks she wins.
             The governor believes strongly that Exxon is warehousing our gas. I believe she believes
             the company has no intention of getting our gas to market anytime soon. I disagree with
             her. But we may never know if Exxon wanted to build the pipeline now that AGIA has
             excluded the company from the process. If the governor Is right, then AGIA does no harm.
             But if she is wrong, it could cause major delays in the construction of the pipeline. The
             verdict is still out.
             But we do know this. Whatever gas line plan the governor has adopted, she believes it is
             best for the state. Her character won't let her do anything else.
             We all want to be a person who does the right thing. Someone who takes the high road.
             Striving to be a better parent, husband, wife, employee, neighbor or friend is what life is all
             about. We all wish we had more character.



              11/10/2009

                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0002825
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                          Page 2 of 2


             Character is why Sarah Palin has reached a level of power few politicians realize . It comes not from
             her issues, policies or positions. She didn't get it by bullying, being tough or hard headed. And no
             it's not her pretty smile. We know when this governor makes a decision , right or wrong , she makes
             it from the heart. People love that. As well they should.


            Ivy Frye
            director of boards and commissions
            office of governor sarah palm
            ivy.frye@alaska.gov
            Office (907) 465-3934
            Fax (907) 465-8110




            11/10/2009

                                                                                                        PRA_GSP01_0002826
