Unknown

From :                   Todd Palin [fek9wnr@yahoo.com]
Sent :                   Wednesday, September 12, 2007 3:16 AM
To:                      Austerman; Joseph M (CED)
Subject :                mm ah blog


Joe,

This is from ah blog . Is it true about the ARLF.



First off, the only things I've ever written about the

dairy are factual, and correct me if I'm wrong but

wasn't this going to be the government that was based

on truth and transparency?



So if Palin appoints her friends and neighbors to take

over running a state dairy and they end up running it

further into debt while putting the entire agriculture

community at risk, shouldn't that be discussed in a

truthful and transparent manner?



But this letter reflects the growing strategy of the

Palin administration and it's supporters are relying

on; finger pointing away from where the real

accountability should be.... on the Governor.



Let's review some key facts:



During the first week of June, Palin made the decision


                                                         1       ROSTON 00874




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
to ignore the recommendation from the previous

Agriculture Board to shut the dairy down and pay off

creditors.



During a week long media circus with Palin telling

television cameras that Mat Maid was refusing to give

her information, she in fact never once bothered to

call the CEO of Mat Maid and ask for information. Not

one phone call, voice mail or even an email.



Palin openly accused the management of Matanuska Maid

of mismanagement and corrupt behavior. After an eight

week witch hunt, not one shred of proof was found.



Palin fired the Agriculture Board, which she claimed

was incompetent, (even though her current DNR

Commissioner Tom Irwin was responsible for appointing

almost all of them)



Palin hired a board comprised of personal friends,

including many without any qualifications and some

with clear conflicts of interest.



The new Director of Agriculture hired by Palin has

both a lack of experience and a conflict of interest.

Franci Havemeister's official bio includes a stint as

                                                        2     ROSTON 00875




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
a Valley real estate agent and a volunteer basketball

coach. But more importantly, her father in law is one

of the four local milk producers who are the only

people currently making money off of Matanuska Maid's

demise.



The new Agriculture Board fired the Creamery Board,

and took over the "direct responsibility" of managing

the dairy. This is turn is breaking the law

established by the legislature concerning the

management of Mat Maid. When Mat Maid's lawyer pointed

this out, she was fired.



The first vote Palin's handpicked board took to

salvage the dairy that was being buried under cost

increases, was to voluntarily raise the price paid to

local farmers (their valley neighbors) for milk.



Palin ignored a warning letter dated June 16 from

Matanska Maid's accounting firm that predicted record

losses of anywhere from $400,000 to $600,000 per

month.



Then on August 25th, when losses of $300,000 for July

were publicly reported, Palin and her Board Chair said

they were "shocked".

                                                     3      ROSTON 00876




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
Today, with dairy assets for sale at a minimum bid of

$3.35 million , this doesn 't even begin to make things

better. Currently Matanuska Maid owes over $ 5 million

alone to the Agriculture Revolving Loan Fund (ARLF).

In addition , every day the dairy stays open they grow

their payables higher and higher as they ' re losing

money on every transaction.



Last report was payables were at $1.2 million and

growing. Palin's Board Chair dismissed any chance of

outstanding liabilities in press interviews, claiming

asset proceeds would more than cover bills owed. This

is a flat out lie.



For one, they haven't even talked about the likely

environmental costs at both the Anchorage and Palmer

sites. Some have estimated potential remediation costs

up in the millions.



The strategy of continuing to operate the dairy while

looking for a buyer is putting the entire ARLF at

risk. Every day the dairy remains open increases the

likelihood that Mat Maid will be completely upside

down and unable to repay the ARLF. This fund is for

the entire agriculture community, not just five valley


                                                        4     ROSTON 00877




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
milk farmers who happen to be Palin's valley

neighbors.



The current plan calls for bids to be due by Dec 14,

meanwhile another three months of dairy losses will

accumulate. Even on Dec 14, Board Chair Kristen Cole

has stated the state reserves the right to reject any

and all bids. Then what?



This is really an exercise about protecting milk

producers. Especially since the new dairy management

has a policy about milk producers getting paid first

before any other vendors.



But yet Trish Hoyer in her letter to the editor wants

Alaskans to believe that somehow it's my fault because

I'm simply repeating facts.



Here Trish, this is what the governor should do,

ironically most of it's the same advice she was given

back in June.



1.) Require the Agriculture Board to immediately

appoint an independent Creamery Board with appointees

who are actually versed in the private sector and

understand about asset disposal. (By doing this, the


                                                        5   ROSTON 00878




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
governor will satisfy the valid concerns that the

Agriculture Board is acting illegally and avoid any

litigation regarding the potential disposal of

assets.)



2.) Shut the dairy down immediately to stem the record

monthly losses and potect the state against any

further legal exposure brought on by the actions of

her handpicked Agriculture Board.



3.) Once the new Creamery Board is in place,

immediately review offers for the disposal of Mat

Maids assets. There is no way we should wait until

December. Time wasted is money lost.



4.) Finally, the governor needs to assure the entire

agriculture community that the ARLF will be paid back

the entire amount owed . The ARLF has first priority

among creditors and that needs to be honored to

protect the viability of the remaining farming

industry.



But then again Trish, all this was recommended in June

by the previous board. Even in June I wrote an Op/Ed

piece explaining what the only viable options were.




                                                       6       ROSTON 00879




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
Nobody is taking glee that Palin took a bad situation

and made it worse by ignoring economic warnings and

turning the keys to the dairy over to a bunch of

folks, including a CPA that apparently couldn't

recognize records losses coming down the track right

at him.



Nobody is taking glee that Palin's handpicked Board

Chair was quick to take full credit that Mat Maid had

turned a magical $62,000 profit in June, but just two

weeks later when the real numbers came out and showed

the dairy losing more money than anytime in its prior

22 year history, that same Board Chair was blaming

others.



Nobody is taking glee that the 50 employees at

Matanuska Maid are going to be out of work. And most

certainly nobody takes glee in the fact that a

governor who has absolutely no private sector

experience keeps lecturing us on what the private

sector needs.



Please, wake up and get real Trish. And next time you

write a letter to the editor, maybe lean on the whole

concept of truth and transparency a little more.




                                                              ROSTON 00880




 Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
"Alaskan Trish Houser is the Web mistress for the

Palintology Web site. It's available online -- and

gets roughly 800 to 1,000 hits a day, she says.



"I like her. She's just a good person who cares what

you have to say," Ms. Houser says. "She's very sweet

and interested in what people think and need." Houser

also doesn't know Palin's stand on national issues

other than the two already mentioned."



Pittsburgh Tribune 7.23.07



Tony Knowles was right on the money last year during

the gubernatorial campaign when he said over and over

again , "The candidate you see is the governor you

get".



And I do not need to say that any slower.




Yahoo! oneSearch: Finally, mobile search
                                                             ROSTON 00881




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
that gives answers, not web links.

http://mobile.yahoo.com/mobileweb/onesearch?refer=1 ONXIC




                                             9
                                                            ROSTON 00882




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
