Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
         From :                     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
         Sent:                      Wednesday, August 15, 2007 1:52 PM
         To:                        'john@sassysalmonlodge.com'
         Subject:                   RE: Environment


         Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
         information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
         unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
         being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
         need, suggestion, or comment.



         -----Original Message-----

         From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:webMail@gov.state.ak.us]

         Sent: Wednesday, August 15, 2007 1:23 PM

         To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

         Subject: Environment



         Web mail from: Mr. John Schmitt

         address : 5661 E . Cherry Circle Wasilla AK 99654

          373-1313



         MESSAGE:

        Dear Governor Palin,rnrnseveral weeks ago I asked an old highschool friend, Dennis Burke,
        Chief of Staff to Governor Janet Napolitano of Arizona to arrange for me a 5 minute
        meeting with you at your earliest convenience. So far I have not heard back from Dennis
        which is why I feel compelled to write to you directly.rnrnMy family and I would like to
        personally deliver to you a proposal / invitation which I have prepared especially for you
        and you alone. Our only objective at this very short meeting will be to shake your hand,
        deliver our invitation and hopefully leave your office with you agreeing to personally
        read our unique and possibly historic invitation.rnrnWe consider this personally addressed
        invitation to be extremely confidential, which is why we have decided to by-pass political
        protocol. In fact only two individuals outside of family members have read our invitation
        to you. An old friend and confidant I asked to proof read the document and former Governor
        Rose Mof!

        ford, Arizona's first Lady Governor and family friend for more than 50 years. I asked
        former Governor Mof ford to be my &quot;test Governor&quot; which she graciously agreed to
        be.rnrnWith the blessing of Governor Rose Mof ford the time has come for us to deliver this
        unique and unprecedented invitation to you for your considerations.rnrnMy family and I
        eagerly await the favor of your reply and we look forward to meeting you in person in the
        very near future.rnrnWith warmest regards,rnrnJohn, Mirna, Maria &amp; Elena Schmittrn5661
        E. Cherry CirclernWasilla, Ak 99654rnrn373-1313



        john@sassysalmonlodge.com

        PLEASE ADD TO E-NEWS


                                                                1




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01 0003862
