Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                     Patin, Sarah (GOV sponsored) (govpalin@alaska.gov]
           Sent:                     Thursday, August 16, 2007 6:10 AM
           To:                       Galvin; Patrick S (DOR)
           Cc:                       Rutherford; Martha K (DNR); Irwin; Tom E (DNR); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Balash; Joseph
                                     R (GOV); Anders; Bruce F (DNR)
           Subject:                  Gross vs PPT

           Hi Pat- just checking in and wanting to encourage you as your team continues to study
           gross tax proposals . My goal is to incorporate incentives for exploration and new
           investment that leads to actual development, while keeping the foundation of our oil tax
           simple and transparent by placing value on gross amounts of oil.



           Alaskans want to see the history of our tax , the comparison to other oil company
           investments worldwide , the original gross information that led to debate last year on
           gross - vs-ppt ( that led to corrupt influence and strong - arming by Admin sticking Alaska
           with industry ' s preferred tax)... they want the explanations kept simple and clear
           explanations as to why ppt isn't in Alaska ' s best interest.



           When I explain the situation to individuals, their eyes open when I tell them, simply,
           that we deserve appropriate value placed on our non - renewable resources - especially as
           our resource is being sold on the market for a premium - because once that oil's gone,
           it's gone . Now is the time to get fair value so we can save for the future ( especially now
           in light of coming Federal funding streams that obviously won't flow so freely in Alaska
           anymore! ). And that industry is playing a game with us ( bc they ' re good players and
           capitalists , they ' re doing what ' s expected and can even be respected for trying to rake in
           every penny they can), so don't be surprised when they claim Alaska is a risk. Bull.
           Alaska is stable and safe , and as compared to their foreign investments (and even
           domestic , in states run by anti - development lawmakers ) where a dictator could take over
           and/or industry ' s charged an arm and a leg to do business - well- it ' s a joke to hear of
           the "risk" in Alaska.



           I also remind folks of industry's "duty to develop".



           I know that there are still Jim Clark hold - overs all around us - I want to make sure we
           stay focused on the consistent message so many of us have spoken : that ppt isn ' t working,
           that from the beginning I've desired to keep this simple and transparent by taxing on
           gross while incentivizing for new development.



           Industry is not going away . It's too good here . And new players will step up and step in
           if one of the Big Three threatens to take their ball and go home. Alaskans are counting on
           us to fulfill the mission I promised : that they ' d receive fair value for their oil and
           we'd play hardball if it came down to that. (And it will come down to that.)



           Some won ' t want to admit it - for political reasons - but Les Gara and others are doing
           those apples - to-apples comparisons and are right in their conclusion that we should have
           kept it simple , thus not got gamed, from the start . Even the good old goats like Halford -
           and others who now realize the hand we gave away so long ago with non-renewable resources
           - agree now we should have kept it simple last year.



                                                                   1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0003872
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Thanks Pat. I sincerely appreciate your work on this. It will be worth it, all your team's
          hard work. They need to remember "this is business" and we're doing business with some of
          the biggest and most slyly influential players on earth. They'll use legislators,
          mainstream media, radio talk shows, non-profit contributions and charity sponsorships,
          feel-good ads, etc. to spread their message. We have to keep our message simple and
          trustworthy and sensible - and in the end we can have a mutually beneficial relationship
          with industry, as industry knows this also.



          It will be good!

          SP




                                                         2




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0003873
