Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                             Page 1 of 2


             Unknown

             From:    Dan Spencer [danspencer@gci.net]
             Sent:    Thursday, May 03, 2007 7:27 PM
             To:      gov.sarah@yahoo.com
             Cc:      Spencer; Karl L (GOV)
             Subject : National Day of Prayer
             Here is the language of the proclamation, Governor . I don't think it's so bad,
             considering that we have to be so darned careful about covering all the
             different groups out there . For the record , you did not sign it, I'm sure it was
             signed by the signature machine, most procs are. I do not know who wrote it,
             but I will find out tomorrow. I hope you are having a good day in Fairbanks.
              Karl.

             National Day of Prayer
            The Continental Congress called for a National Day of Prayer in 1775 . In 1863,
            Abraham Lincoln established a proclamation for a day of "humiliation , fasting,
            and prayer." A joint resolution by Congress, signed by President Truman in 1952,
            declared an annual , national day of prayer . And in 1988, President Ronald Reagan
            set aside the first Thursday in May as the National Day of Prayer.

            Following the devastating event the United States experienced on September 11,
            2001 , President Bush reminded us that the Congress , through Public Law 100-
            307, called on citizens to reaffirm the role of prayer in our society and to honor
            the religious diversity our freedom permits by recognizing this day annually.

            As Governor, I recognize that the people of Alaska represent a variety of cultural
            and religious traditions . I believe that each community of faith warrants the
            recognition and respect of others.

            It is not the intent of this proclamation to promote a particular religion , but rather
            to encourage thoughtful reflection on the condition of our state and country and
            to honor our freedom of religious expression whether that is prayer , alms giving,
            fasting , peace activism , meditation , promotion of social justice, or another form
            of contemplative action.

            Let us not forget that the liberty and freedoms we enjoy are promoted and
            protected by the willingness , dedication , and sacrifice of our country 's military
            servicemen and women.

            On May 3, 2007 , I urge you to join fellow Americans across racial , political, and
            religious boundaries to observe the National Day of Prayer within your respective
            communities and faith traditions.

            May we be thankful for our blessings , reflect on the many needs of our state and
            nation , treat our neighbors with dignity and respect, and seek moral and spiritual
            renewal through the religious or spiritual expression which most closely aligns
            with who we are as individuals.


            11/10/2009

                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0001499
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                     Page 2 of 2


             NOW, THEREFORE , I, Sarah Palin, Governor of the State of Alaska, do hereby proclaim
             May 3, 2007, as:

             National Day of Prayer

             in Alaska and encourage Alaskans to keep the health , well-being , prosperity, and peace
             of our state, nation, and world in mind on this day.

             Dated : April 2, 2007




             11/10/2009

                                                                                                   PRA GSP01 _0001500
